"The art of medicine is vast and profound, and it has no room for carelessness. You have to develop your ability to identify medicinal herbs." With that, Ning Si gave him a book on medical herbs. He then asked Chen Xun to identify the plants in the backyard and commit them to memory. Otherwise, he wouldn’t even be qualified to work as an assistant in the medical hall.
However, these words didn’t shake Chen Xun very much, in fact, he believed his mind to be quite keen. He learned and taught the black ox as he went, taking the opportunity to consolidate his own knowledge.
Nonetheless, the harsh reality taught Chen Xun a valuable lesson. With the countless number of medicinal herbs, it was simply not possible to memorize them all by heart through repeated recitation alone.
At night, they lit candles in the backyard and studied together by their light.
"You aren’t that sharp yourself, huh, old ox?" Chen Xun laughed heartily. With this, they were now even.
Perhaps the thing Chen Xun found most vexing was that, sometimes, he would be stuck on a particular point, yet the ox would have already understood it.
"Moo! Moo!"
The big black ox eyes widened, and it nudged Chen Xun angrily, but it quickly backed down; after all, some of the characters were rare, and it had to rely on Chen Xun to understand them. However, that didn’t stop it from formulating a plan in its head: it would silently and sneakily overtake Chen Xun in their studies, and then, it would stamp out his arrogance!
Time silently flew by as the pair studied and got better at identifying medical herbs. With that, a year had quietly passed, and Chen Xun found himself finally wearing the official assistant uniform of the Pingtai Medical Hall. And from that moment forward, he even started walking with a slight swagger, wearing a smug smile on his face.
He had familiarized himself with most of the medicinal herbs during this year. However, Ning Si didn't sing praise of his intelligence, but rather commended him for his hard work and ability to endure loneliness.
He also invested his new point into his speed. After all, in martial arts, speed was king. As long as he could run fast enough, disasters would always be a step behind him.
"Assistant, one qian of Dong Qing, two qian of Bai Wei, three qian of Qiu Shi." (TL note: 1 qian = 5 grams)
"Alright." Chen Xun replied, and he skillfully and swiftly retrieved the medicinal herbs from their respective cabinets. He then packaged and handed them to the customer.
After resting for a bit at night, Chen Xun retrieved his book and grabbed a bunch of melon seeds before cracking and munching on them as he studied with the black ox. However, his eyes kept flashing with a hint of suspicion as he eyed the black ox closely, and he called out pensively, "Hey, old ox…."
Hearing itself being called, the animal trembled all over, its emotions spilling right through its eyes. "Moo!"
Raising a brow, Chen Xun pressed, "Have you been studying secretly? I've been observing you for several days."
What a daring little ox! It laughed and joked with him at night, but secretly learned alone when he was working as an assistant during the day.
"Moo! Moo!" The big black ox broke into a cold sweat, refusing to admit anything, but its eyes had already betrayed it.
"I'll punish you tonight by not allowing you to read." Chen Xun turned his body and continued cracking melon seeds. "Only when you admit to your wrongdoings will I read with you again."
"Moo, moo!!" Hit with panic, the big ox went in circles around the man, and in turn accidentally knocked him over.
Helpless at its antics, Chen Xun decided not to argue with it and used reason to highlight his line of thought, sincerely explaining the harm that might be brought by its act of studying alone. "How will you know if you made a mistake when I am not around? You still don't know all the characters. Furthermore, these are medicinal herbs, so the slightest mistake can cost lives."
"Moo, moo." the big black ox kept nodding continuously, understanding the harm involved.
"Whatever, come on, let's continue. I'll explain the effects of this herb to you." Chen Xun pointed at one of the pages, which prompted the black ox to lean over. Once again, they began their passionate study.
And just like that, another year quietly passed. Throughout that year, every night, he and the big black ox would quiz each other, taking out one herb at a time and naming it, before moving to the next. And so, Chen Xun had finally memorized all the commonly used medicinal herbs in the medical hall. Ning Si’s only said two words regarding this achievement: not bad.
When Chen Xun was free of his duties, he would quietly approach the various doctors in the hall and observe their sessions of consultation, learning whatever he could in his spare time—which he had plenty of.
One night when he returned to the courtyard, Ning Si gave him a book on pharmacology, which contained information on how to mix various medicinal herbs together to treat all kinds of different ailments, and it highlighted the potential conflicts between the various herbs.
"How profound!" Chen Xun exclaimed, feeling like a door to a new world had been opened for him. "The art of medicine is really vast, old ox. Turns out we have only scratched the surface."
"Moo, moo!" The big black ox looked intently, finding it all so magical, and its eyes widened in amazement.
Chen Xun once again added his points to speed and delved back into his studies.
...
As spring turned to autumn, five years passed in a hurry.
Chen Xun had already changed into a senior assistant's uniform. They had been at Pingtai Medical Hall for seven years now, and Chen Xun had witnessed much suffering, helplessness, and cries of pain. However, with his optimistic and positive attitude, he provided some solace to the people who came here seeking help.
In the medical hall, the staff changed every year, but everyone remembered this forever-smiling young man with an axe, which he always kept at his waist.
In the main room of the medical hall, Ning Si sat with a solemn look on his face. If one were to make a mistake in judging someone at first glance, they would never make the same mistake after seven years.
Today, Chen Xun was dressed in formal attire. He bowed, paying respect to his master. He then proceeded to serve the tea to Ning Si and his wife.
"Master. Madam," Chen Xun respectfully greeted them, his eyes showing respect.
"Chen Xun, what is the essence of being a healer?" Ning Si asked.
"To make it one's duty to treat illnesses and save lives," Chen Xun replied.
"But virtue is even more important," Ning Si added, squinting slightly as he looked at Chen Xun and asked, "If you encounter a bandit on the road, someone who commits all sorts of evils, but is gravely injured and seeks your help, what would you do?"
Chen Xun was taken aback for a moment, then replied earnestly, "Master Ning, I will be honest. If the person is gravely injured, I would certainly notice him, but I wouldn’t make an effort to help." He hesitated and continued, "I would cover my face and quietly pass by to avoid potential retaliation in the future."
Both Ning Si and his wife were surprised to hear his response. Chen Xun had even thought about the aftermath.
"You are right, well said," Ning Si complimented with a smile, sipping his tea. "A healer should not commit evil and must uphold his integrity. I just wanted to hear your honest answer."
"This child is indeed remarkable, with a good character and a great heart," his wife added with a smile. If he had tried to please them, saying he would help the injured bandit, they would have looked down on him as insincere.
"Alright, you are now officially accepted as my disciple. In my lifetime, I have only taken two disciples before you, and you are the third," Ning Si said with a serious expression.
He silently observed Chen Xun for a moment, then added, "Although you may not be the most talented of my students, I believe you will become the most accomplished in the path of medicine."
Hearing his words, his wife was left surprised. It was the first time she had heard Ning Si praise someone so highly, not even their daughter had received such praise.
"Master Ning, you praise me too much," Chen Xun replied calmly, bowing respectfully, though a slight smirk began to form on his lips.
After the formal apprenticeship ceremony, Chen Xun returned to the medical hall's backyard. He cracked melon seeds and recounted the events to the big black ox, with a single emotion apparent in his eyes – confidence; what would his master’s praise count for, when he’s hailed as the Medicine Emperor? His arrival would incite purple air(1) to rise from the east, extending for _at least_ thirty thousand miles. And then, on the day he ascends the throne, saints would descend from the heavens, offering their congratulations to the emperor, Emperor Chen!
"Moo, moo, moo!" The big black ox believed every word without a shred of doubt, its eyes widening in excitement. It ran around and occasionally nudged him, genuinely happy for Chen Xun.
"Hahaha..." Laughter echoed in the courtyard along with the joyful mooing of the big black ox.
1. Purple air is a sign of royalty. It symbolizes the coming of a great emperor or saint throughout the lands. It could be said that those who induced "purple air comes from the east" had gained the recognition of Heaven and Earth. This is a common idea in Xianxia.