"Ah? Junior Chen, didn’t I warn you about the downsides of the spirit gardens?" Le Feng said, frowning; he strongly discouraged new disciples from going to the spirit medicine garden. Choosing to go either way displayed a lack of responsibility towards both the sect and oneself.
"Senior Le, rest assured, my family specializes in growing spirit medicine." Chen Xun replied earnestly, bowing respectfully. "Thank you, Senior Le, for your advice. I will manage the garden diligently."
Although Le Feng appeared meddlesome to outsiders, Chen Xun didn't see it that way. Le Feng had done him a great favor, and he was grateful for it.
"Good. Junior Chen, you've just joined the sect. If you have any questions, you can find me in my abode." Le Feng said with a friendly smile. He then handed Chen Xun a talisman and added: "Use this if you need anything."
Chen Xun accepted the talisman cautiously and he nodded in understanding.
"Junior Chen, cultivate well. Don't waste your time. I'll take my leave now." He turned and left.
"Understood, Senior Le."
"Moo~"
With a smile on their face, the duo watched Le Feng leave. They felt like they were back in their small mountain village.
Chen Xun then pulled the ox and walked into the hall and climbed up a high platform. An elder was on post. "Senior Uncle, I want to manage the medicine garden.”
"Very well." The seemingly feeble old man pulled out a jade pendant and a booklet from a storage pouch.
"Thank you, Senior Uncle!" Chen Xun was delighted. He looked at the jade pendant, an entry token for a particular garden, it seemed. Without it, he wouldn't be allowed inside, and entering forcibly would be considered an intrusion into sect grounds.
"Lad, managing the medicine garden is not easy." The old man was half-asleep or in meditation. "Come here every year to deliver the spirit medicines."
"Okay."
Chen Xun was full of enthusiasm as he nodded in response.
"This little ox isn't bad. it’s full of spirit."
Eyes gleaming with interest, the old man glanced at the black ox behind Chen Xun.
"Moo~"
"Senior Uncle, this is my family’s treasured heirloom, my ox…."
"Hurry up and go, lad. What are you daydreaming about?"
The old man who was in a good mood suddenly snapped. The way Chen Xun glanced at the ox made it seem like he thought he wanted to snatch it to himself.
"Hehe, I won't bother Senior Uncle anymore."
Chen Xun laughed awkwardly. He was acting too paranoid. This was an immortal sect, where all sorts of spiritual beasts were common. This was not the Nine Star Valley.
"Old ox, let's go!"
"Moo~"
Chen Xun happily led the big black ox, and they walked together with leisure. Finally, they didn't need to stay alert all the time and scheme anymore. Cultivating in a sect was indeed much better
On the way, they met fellow disciples and politely made way for them. They wore friendly expressions but didn't strike up any conversations.
They followed the directions provided by the jade pendant and finally arrived at a secluded mountain valley. Exotic flowers and plants surrounded them, and spiritual energy filled the air. The air was very refreshing.
There was a magnificent waterfall in the distance. It produced sounds akin to thunder clapping, and rays of light broke into thin streams of colorful light by the flowing water.
The scenery was paradisiac.
"Old ox, don't wander off!"
While Chen Xun was momentarily distracted, the big black ox had already dashed away, exploring the area and chasing butterflies.
"Moo~"
Chen Xun laughed as he watched the ox. He then activated his spiritual power on the jade pendant, and a passage in the protective array opened instantly.
"Let's go!"
Chen Xun pulled the black ox and stepped into the garden. As soon as he stepped inside, he couldn't help but let out a sight.
"The Five Elements Sect is really vast. This entire mountain range is the sect's headquarters."
There were several large spirit fields inside, filled with various bizarre and peculiar spirit herbs. Ancient trees and lush grasses grew everywhere, and fragrant scents filled the air, creating a thriving and vibrant scene.
Chen Xun and the big black ox were dazzled by what they saw. They couldn’t even recognize some of the spirit herbs.
In the deepest part of the field there was a thatched hut. An old man with disheveled hair stood outside. He was looking at Chen Xun as if he had finally met his father who had gone out to get milk.
"You've come..."
"I've come."
"Moo!"
The old man’s tranced eyes left the duo feeling frightened. They wondered if this old man lost his mind.
"Ten years, finally someone has come. Haha, the heavens have finally opened its eyes..." He muttered, knelt down, and raised his hands to the sky. His wrinkled face was wet with tears.
With his cultivation at the ninth level of Qi Refinement, he was indeed a powerful cultivator. Chen Xun looked at him with confusion, wondering how he had ended up in such a state. He was even worse off than they were in the Ningyun Mountain Range.
"Junior, I'm leaving this place to you. I am reporting back."
The old man was filled with excitement. He activated his spiritual power—which was earth coloured—and stepped onto a flying sword. With a grunt he passed by Chen Xun in a hurry to leave.
His eyes were filled with tears. Ten years ago, he had been forcibly assigned to this place by the sect, living a life surrounded by spirit medicines. Not only did his cultivation progress slowly, but the loneliness and solitude he experienced were beyond anyone's understanding.
Chen Xun watched his departing figure and then looked at the big black ox.
"Moo?"
The big black ox also couldn't understand the old man's actions. Life seemed good around here.
They entered the thatched hut, which had many books, all filled with experiences and knowledge about growing spirit medicines. Chen Xun didn’t hesitate to take them all.
Chen Xun and the black ox then approached the waterfall. The big black ox put down the things it was carrying and rushed into the water, splashing water everywhere.
Sitting by the side, Chen Xun flipped through a small booklet. It had information about various types of spirit herbs and tips on how to care for them. It also mentioned the rules one had to follow as the garden keeper.
It mentioned that they couldn't take spirit herbs for themselves, and each herb had to be recorded. Every five years, disciples from the Alchemy Hall would come to count them.
The annual quota they had to submit included different types of spirit herbs.
Chen Xun read through it carefully and remembered each rule.
"Moo~"
The sound of the big black ox echoed from the water. It was not bothered by rules and whatnot. After all, it will be fine as long as they diluted their Essence with water and used it.
Moreover, it enjoyed growing spirit medicines more than plowing fields.
"Old ox, we can't use this thatched hut. Let's dig our own caves."
Chen Xun looked around. The cliffs and steep slopes were well suited for caves.
"Moo!" The big black ox agreed. They were used to living in caves. Furthermore, they could be used to cultivate as well as grow spirit herbs
With that out of the way, Chen Xun took out a martial art technique from his storage pouch.
_Art of Sword Control…._
He didn't have a sword, he could obtain one through contributions, but that had its own risk.
"There are so many good things in the sect, but there are also many rules."
There was this thing called “Fasting Pill,” which allowed a cultivator to go an entire month without having to eat anything.
Chen Xun looked through the sect's rules. There were regulations against private duels and harsh punishments for those caught, such as being whipped at the Law Enforcement Hall. For grievances, one had to apply and participate in battles in the arena.
Apart from disciples who were on missions outside the sect, they couldn't leave the mountain privately. However, they were allowed to descend down the mountain twice a year for a maximum of one month each time.
But once they reached the Foundation Building stage, things were a lot more lenient. At that level, they were considered pillars of the sect on the same standing as elders.
"The Five Elements Sect is even larger than a city, and it has everything. There's no need to leave the mountain unless it's to exchange for spirit medicines. Two trips a year are enough, and it won't draw too much attention within the sect."
"Old ox."
"Moo~"
The big black ox, dripping wet, approached Chen Xun with a fiery gaze. It seemed like it hadn't had enough fun yet.