And Chen Xun has a bold plan, cultivating this Crane Spirit Tree to make a coffin for the old ox and refining a weapon for it.
You should know that back in the small mountain village, the big black ox loved carrying coffins the most.
Many passing-by big yellow dogs would lower their heads when they encountered the big black ox, but it would ox them even more. And when they reach the Golden Core stage, they hear they have to refine some kind of lifebound magical treasure, and Chen Xun is definitely going for the mountain-opening axe.
The old ox is tentatively designated to use the Crane Spirit Tree coffin to get familiar with it first. If they are not satisfied, they can always exchange it.
They started cultivating spiritual herbs every day, extracting silk, and peeling vines. Their main focus was on cultivating by taking 'Three Elements Pills,' with spiritual vein meditation as a supplement.
They also inquired about the frontline news occasionally and, from time to time, performed their old profession, helping fellow disciples ascend to immortality. They even gained a bit of "small reputation" within the sect.
However, they were shunned by other cultivators, who found it strange that someone in the cultivation world would specialize in such professional white matters?!
Chen Xun and the big black ox didn't mind at all. During the war, which fellow disciple didn't have any funeral matters to handle? They didn't charge any fees; they were just accumulating some merit.
The big black ox's merit ledger was officially named "Merit Book" by Chen Xun, but he didn't reveal where it was hidden, not even to Chen Xun.
Days went by one after another, and there was no sense of monotony.
...
Time passed without a trace, and another twenty-five years flew by.
Reports from the frontline kept coming in, the mountains and rivers of Wu Nation shattered, countless people became refugees, and major sects were still guarding their homeland, facing extremely fierce battles.
The ten major immortal sects mobilized almost all of their disciples, aiming to seal off the entire Wu Nation and not let any fleeing cultivators escape.
In the immortal cultivation world war, Qian Nation had already received much bad news. Three Nascent Soul old ancestors fell, causing the entire Qian Nation cultivation world to mourn.
The great war finally entered a state of total white heat, and many cultivators had gone insane.
In the mortal realm, countless people were inspired. The Qian Nation emperor issued a general amnesty, prayed for the Qian Nation cultivation world, mobilized the three armies, and set out to attack the mortal realm of Wu Nation!
On this day, the sky was filled only with the faint afterglow of the setting sun, carrying a slight chill.
At a certain mountain peak of the Five Elements Sect.
However, Chen Xun's gaze became increasingly sharp. Five Elements Sect lost too many Foundation Establishment cultivators.
If they win this battle, it is unknown how many years it will take to recover, and there are even people sent back who seem to have entered demonic cultivation due to being unable to withstand the overwhelming demonic energy on the battlefield.
Today, a giant boat from the Purple Cloud Sect slowly descended from the sky, bringing back some corpses or those who could no longer fight.
The atmosphere on the boat was heavy, and many people had pale faces, numb expressions, and trembling eyes.
As the boat approached the sect, the protective barrier of the giant boat was opened, and dozens of cultivators looked excited with a hint of emotion in their eyes—they had finally returned.
Many cultivators who remained in the sect quickly flew over. They were familiar with these things every year and were extremely adept at handling them.
A cold wind blew into the boat, whimpering. Looking from the inside out, under the yellow sky, there were several familiar peaks, but they no longer exuded the vitality of the past.
A disheveled man sat cross-legged inside. His eyes seemed empty, as if he had suffered some kind of shock.
"Senior Brother Shi!" Suddenly, Li Yuan exclaimed in shock and hurried over. What happened to him...
And this man was none other than Shi Jing. His face was pale, and his numb eyes showed a hint of perseverance. He slowly looked towards Li Yuan, revealing a faint smile.
"Junior Sister Li."
"Senior Brother Shi, what happened to you?"
Li Yuan suddenly burst into tears, and she continuously probed his body. It seemed that Shi Jing's foundation had been damaged.
"I'm fine; don't cry."
Shi Jing exuded a strong demonic aura, gently stroking Li Yuan's face, and said softly, "The Master saved me."
Li Yuan cried silently, and she had just found out that Shi Jing might never be able to advance again in his life.
"Junior Sister Li, I'm just a bit tired."
Shi Jing raised his head and looked at the sky. His temperament had changed a bit, and he sighed lightly, "Being alive is already good, isn't it?"
Li Yuan held Shi Jing's right hand, and tears as big as soybeans fell down. She was silent and nodded repeatedly.
Many people shuttled back and forth on the giant boat, carrying bodies and relics, supporting those who were no longer capable of fighting with the sect.
On the mountaintop, Chen Xun and the big black ox both contracted their pupils. They saw Li Yuan and Shi Jing.
"Moo? Moo moo?" The big black ox kept shaking its head, looking at the sky, and then at Chen Xun.
"It's Senior Brother Shi, but..."
Chen Xun hesitated, but then his tone relaxed, "Being alive is what matters; being alive is what matters."
"Moo moo~" The big black ox nodded slightly with a hint of confusion, continuously wagging its tail. It was thought that Shi Jing should only be injured and not seriously harmed.
Chen Xun's brows are slightly furrowed. After so many years, why hadn't he heard any news from Senior Brother Ji?
During these years, although he had heard many uplifting messages from the frontline, he and the big black ox were in the rear, and what they saw was entirely different.
What they saw seemed to be only the desolation and silence of a vast wilderness—a vast and mournful expanse.
When reality reflected into his imagination, Chen Xun suddenly didn't like war too much. He only wished that he and the old ox wouldn't cause trouble, and he wouldn't interfere with others either.
A momentary impulse would always be replaced by calmness. It seemed that the more experiences one went through, the more rational one became.
Compared to the outside world's excitement and fervor, there might be countless choked sobs and countless nameless graves behind.
They still couldn't change anything; this was the trend, and they could only silently perform their duties, go with the flow, and keep a low profile.
Buzz—
A loud noise echoed in the sky.
The Purple Cloud Sect's giant boat slowly departed, having completed its mission.
"Old ox, this is the cruelty of war."
Chen Xun sighed slightly, looking towards the north. "We, as cultivators of immortality, will always experience these things. Perhaps countless years later, Qian Nation will also be invaded."
"Moo?" The big black ox was shocked. If they lose the war, wouldn't the graves of Old Sun and the others be dug up?
"This world doesn't revolve around us, and we're not saviors."
Chen Xun slapped the big black ox suddenly, shaking it and making it moo continuously
"Moo? Moo moo?" The big black ox kept calling out while looking at Chen Xun in confusion.
"Just live our lives; go with the flow. What are you thinking?"
Chen Xun raised his eyebrows. His state of mind had changed a bit, "Still want to use the future lifebound treasure?!"
"Still want to go to the Imperial City? Still want to go to Yuxu City? Still want to go to the legendary Western superpower?!"
"Moo!!"
The big black ox was excited all over. It was conquered by Chen Xun's ultimate move. Its mind was filled with nothing else.
"Let's go; don't disturb Senior Brother Shi and the others for now."
Chen Xun led the big black ox towards Xianyin Mountain. Today, many bodies were sent over, and they were preparing to perform rituals.
They had added their Immortal Points to their strength over the years and now had all five aspects full.
Their current Immortal Points: Strength 50, Speed 50, Essence of All Things 50, Spiritual Energy 51, Defense 50.
As they walked on the road, the atmosphere in the Five Elements Sect was desolate, with disciples respectfully calling Chen Xun Martial Uncle everywhere, and he responded with a smile.
Compared to the past bustling and prosperous scenes, the Five Elements Sect is much quieter now and much more spacious.
In the days to come, Chen Xun also visited Shi Jing. He had become silent and reserved, surrounded by demonic energy, losing the brilliance of the past.
He didn't ask about Ji Kun's news, which would seem insincere. Shi Jing didn't mention Ji Kun either, and he didn't bring up anything about the battlefield.
He just told Chen Xun not to worry about him. When he left, he smiled at Chen Xun and said, "Junior Brother Chen, Black Ox, luckily you didn't go..."
Li Yuan also came to the Herb Garden to find them. She spoke many words to the big black ox and left with tears in her eyes.
The general meaning was that their Master had no way, and Shi Jing might be crippled...
After hearing this, Chen Xun remained silent. The big black ox was simpler in its thoughts, just silently feeling sad on the side. It was no longer yearning for the wars in the cultivation world.
Initially, it only watched others valiantly heading to battle, never thinking about the consequences. As a result, countless corpses returned, and they started doing their old job in the Five Elements Sect.
It kept nudging Chen Xun back then, expressing its reluctance to go to war. It didn't want Chen Xun to think about such things anymore.
Chen Xun just smiled slightly, nodding continuously while holding the big black ox. He didn't say anything.
As time passed, it seemed that their departure from the Five Elements Sect was entering the countdown...