"Let’s take the Miasma-Repelling Pill and the Insect-Dispelling Pill." Chen Xun took out two of each pill and swallowed his share before giving the ox the rest.
"Moo~"
The black ox mooed and rolled its tongue out and received the pills before swallowing them.
These were purchased with spirit stones from their sect.
"This place is quite strange," Chen Xun muttered in a low voice.
It was completely different from the forests they had entered before. There was no sign of life. A silent, lifeless land. Strangely, however, was the fact that spiritual energy here was abundant.
"Moo~"
The black ox looked around vigilantly with its big eyes while constantly sniffing.
"We don't need to hurry to the Southern Dipper Mountain. Let's observe for now," Chen Xun said as he shrank his head back to hide.
He took out his mask—which he hadn’t worn for a while—from his chest and put it on.
"Moo!" The big black ox patted Chen Xun, asking for its mask.
"Here, wear yours." Chen Xun grinned. This was the equipment they used when they raided Old Wang's house.
"Moo~" The black ox trembled with excitement. That feeling once again…!
Chen Xun then took off his disciple attire. These clothes could be considered as another layer of protection with its applied protective talisman, but it also meant revealing their identity. They couldn’t afford to have their identity divulged. They didn’t want that. What if it brought trouble to their doorstep?
He put on a simple linen robe he had sewn himself. It was very light and didn’t constrict his movements at all. The clothes he usually wore in the sect felt like shackles compared to this simple hand-sewn robe.
"Old ox, Remain low and stay put!" Chen Xun held the ox's head with one hand. There were countless dense leaves where they were standing, providing cover.
"Moo~" The big black ox responded with understanding. It was not at all flustered.
As the day turned into night, and while the disciples of various sects were busy searching for spiritual herbs, the man and ox sat silently on a tree for a whole day without moving.
"Old ox, it should be safe here. Let's make some clothes!"
"Moo?"
"Just watch, I learned from Aunt Wang back then," Chen Xun smiled, thinking of the small mountain village. He definitely had to go back and visit in the future.
"Moo." The big black ox nodded and watched as Chen Xun climbed down from the ancient tree and discreetly picked up countless fallen leaves. It quickly joined in to help.
Half a day later, the task was accomplished. Chen Xun looked at the "auspicious robe" made of countless dry leaves and was very satisfied. He quickly put it on.
"Moo!"
The big black ox was shocked. Chen Xun was crouched on the ground at this moment, and it seemed like he had become invisible. It couldn’t see him at all!
Chen Xun chuckled softly as he stood up from the ground, causing the countless dry leaves to rustle. He quickly put the other set on the black ox. It also turned invisible too, aside from its eyes, which were not covered.
"Moo!!" The big black ox looked at Chen Xun, conveying one message: This is absolutely amazing!
"Hehe, old ox, let's move!" Chen Xun grinned, and under the mask, he looked terrifying.
"Moo~"
The two invisible figures moved stealthily on the ancient trees, their movements extremely cautious and their speed very agile.
They continued forward and suddenly came across some spiritual herbs on the way. It was the first time they had seen spiritual herbs in the wilderness. They didn't pick them however, as they were of no use.
They suddenly stopped on an ancient tree. Ahead was a large lake, shimmering with waves, surrounded by lush spiritual herbs, and filled with a rich spiritual aura.
However, the lake had a cold air about it, and there were strands of mist on the surface, which were quite mysterious.
"Moo~"
The big black ox extended a hoof to stop Chen Xun. There was definitely something dangerous about the lake.
"Old ox, are you teaching me now? Isn't that stating the obvious? Only a fool would go in," Chen Xun chuckled, “Well, well, the old ox has really improved over these years."
"Moo!"
The black ox nudged Chen Xun with its eyes showing dissatisfaction. It was the first to notice this point, so why was Chen Xun acting like he knew it all along?
"Ice Mandarin Duck Grass, Cold Spirit Grass, they really exist."
Chen Xun watched from a distance and discovered that there were two auxiliary herbs for the Foundation Establishment Pill. He had already collected information about these herbs over the past half year, and he knew them well.
As he spoke, several sonic booms echoed from another part of the forest.
They noticed a three man squad up ahead, but it was unclear which sect they belonged to.
"These guys are really reckless." Chen Xun shook his head continuously. He seemed to expect a water monster to suddenly emerge from the lake.
"Moo!" The big black ox also nodded. These people turned out to be not the smartest bunch.
…However, something seemed wrong.
"Damn!" Chen Xun exclaimed.
"Moo?!" The big black ox was puzzled.
Chen Xun and the black ox craned their necks in disbelief. They couldn't believe their eyes…! These people just took the herbs, they took it just like that. There was no sign of any water monster emerging from the lake.
"This is impossible, absolutely impossible," Chen Xun muttered while gripping the tree trunk so tightly that the bark was peeling off.
The big black ox kept shaking its head in disbelief.
However, suddenly out of nowhere, a change seemed to be happening.
From both sides of the forest, groups of sect disciples rushed out and began battling each other. They seemed to be from the same sect from their attire. Shouts and rebukes filled the air as the two sides engaged in fierce combat.
"Damn, it's them!" Chen Xun widened his eyes, realizing the crisis. "Old ox, can you see? The danger here is not from the monsters but from people."
"Moo?" The big black ox was puzzled. With so many herbs by the lake, why risk getting into a fight with others?
"This is the wickedness of human nature," Chen Xun sighed, shaking his head. "Remember when we were deceived by those three people back then?"
"Moo!"
The big black ox's pupils constricted as it understood. It had been through many bizarre situations during its years with Chen Xun.
Suddenly another twist happened!
Right under the tree where they were hiding, a roar erupted, and a strong wind swept over them, causing their “lucky attires” to flail wildly in the wind, and them to eat a pile of dust.
A red figure swiftly leaped out. It resembled a red-skinned lion with long, sharp fangs, and was over ten feet long.
It was a 10th layer Qi Condensation monster and it seemed quite powerful.
Chen Xun calmly adjusted his robe, saying, "10th layer Qi Condensation monster, now that’s intimidating."
"Moo!" The big black ox was eager to fight, battle intent gleaming in its eyes.
In the distance, there were continuous sounds of shock and anger as the red-skinned lion relentlessly chased the disciples who had been gathering herbs. It used its spells to wreak havoc. The people who had the herbs had no choice but to throw them away and abandon them before fleeing in various directions.
"Old ox, should we make a move? I'll pick the herbs while you hold it off." Chen Xun suggested.
"Moo!"
Two figures lightly descended from the tree, and with a faint smile on their faces, they dashed towards the lake.
**_Roar!_**
The red-skinned lion was furious. Intruders had entered its territory again, and this time, they were two strange figures covered in leaves. It had never seen anything like this before.