"This is our Five Elements Sect base. Don't wander around," Wei Shan said, snorting coldly as he scanned the area. Many people who happened to meet his gaze quickly bowed and withdrew their disrespectful stares.
"Peak Master Wei is powerful," Chen Xun praised silently, leaning against a big tree.
Wei Shan patiently waited and didn’t say much. He was waiting for the ten major immortal sects to use the key to the Southern Dipper Mountain Secret Realm.
Right at that moment, constant deafening roars started filling the sky as colossal flying ships and giant birds birched lower, emanating overwhelming auras.
Shadows passed over the ground one after another, like a demonstration, or a declaration of sovereignty.
The banners of various sects fluttered in the wind as countless figures stood by them, looking down on the disciples of various sects with cold eyes.
Wei Shan seemed calm on the surface, but he didn't feel so great inside. The Ten Great Sects were like huge mountains pressing down on all the cultivators in Qian Nation.
Chen Xun and the big black ox kept shaking their heads in amazement at the grandeur of the scene. It was much more extravagant than the Nine Star Valley, to say the least.
"Wow!" Chen Xun pointed to the distant sky. "Old ox, look!"
Huge boats hovered in the sky, and countless women in purple robes rose into the air. Standing on lotus leaf artifacts, they descended gracefully.
Their figures seemed to dance in the air, creating a sea of purple. Their appearance seemed to fill the area with a floral fragrance.
And without a doubt, the gazes of the disciples on the ground were irresistibly drawn towards them. They gazed foolishly into the distance at the Immortal Maidens of the Purple Cloud Sect!
If they managed to become dao companions with such immortal maidens, that would truly be a heavenly blessing.
"Moo!" The big black ox nudged Chen Xun, unimpressed.
"Old ox, do you think if a man joins the Purple Cloud Sect, he'll also wear purple robes and ride on lotus leaves, and during battles, he'll say something like..." Chen Xun said, doing an impression, "Naughty~~ Stop hitting me~~"
"Moo moo moo~~"
Chen Xun and the big black ox burst into laughter, and Chen Xun occasionally let out another impression, causing the big black ox to almost cramp from laughter.
"Hey, Junior Brother Chen, is that you?!" Ji Kun approached the laughing pair "Junior Brother Chen, how did you get here?"
"Senior Brother Ji, hahaha..."Chen Xun laughed so hard that tears were about to flow. "Come here, let me tell you something funny."
"Oh?" Interested, Ji Kun quickly walked over.
Chen Xun's tone turned charming and with emotion in his voice, did his impression.
"Haha..."
Ji Kun shook his head and laughed heartily. This Junior Brother Chen, even in a life and death situation, still had the heart to enjoy himself. He didn't know if Chen Xun was too carefree or if he had always been so optimistic.
"We came to have a look, and perhaps look for an opportunity. I think Senior Brother Ji was right back then." Chen Xun stood up and said seriously, "Senior Brother Ji, rest assured, Old ox and I won't hold you back."
“Junior Brother Chen, what are you saying?" Looking displeased, Ji Kun placed a hand on Chen Xun's shoulder. "If it ever comes to it and you can’t win, run. The most important thing is to keep your life."
"Thanks for your concern, Senior Brother Ji. Old ox and I won't insist on fighting if we can't win," Chen Xun said with a smile.
"The teleportation here is quite random. It will only place a maximum of three people together after teleporting. I just don’t know if you…."
"Senior Brother Ji, you don't have to worry about us. I already knew you had a group, so I didn't want to disturb you." Chen Xun smiled. His and the black ox's strength and popularity were not outstanding, so no one had invited them.
Ji Kun looked uneasy. He wanted to have Chen Xun and the black ox by his side so that he could help them if needed.
"Senior Brother Ji, please don't worry too much. You can rest at ease. We have our own tricks up our sleeves."
Chen Xun patted the hand on his shoulder, his tone sincere. He was really deeply moved.
Ji Kun's eyes were still filled with frustration as he forcefully withdrew his hand and then turned away without saying another word.
"Moo~"
The black ox looked at his retreating figure, then glanced at Chen Xun.
"It's fine, Senior Brother Ji is just too worried about our strength," Chen Xun smiled and also looked at Ji Kun's departing figure.
"Moo~"
The big black ox nodded, thinking to itself: Actually, they are very strong, really strong. Senior Brother Ji doesn't need to worry about them.
Suddenly, roars of beasts echoed in all directions, and a gigantic python broke through the sky, carrying thousands of disciples from the Beast Taming Sect. They were dressed in gray robes embroidered with unknown spirit beasts.
Many of the disciples on the python revealed a bloodthirsty smile, and they were accompanied by various exotic spirit beasts. Some had spiders or small snakes coiling around them.
"One of the Ten Great Sects, the Beast Taming Sect, is here. These spirit beasts are really powerful."
"I heard that every twenty years in the Southern Dipper Mountain Secret Realm, the Beast Taming Sect suffers the least losses and gains the most."
"Low-level cultivators have no chance against the disciples of the Beast Taming Sect!"
...
On the ground, there was a cacophony of voices from countless sect disciples.
Spirit beasts were not easy to cultivate, but that didn’t stop the other disciples from feeling envious, after all, if cultivated successfully, they were a great assistance to have.
However, Chen Xun's black ox was an exception. These disciples had never seen someone with such a huge gap in cultivation between their owner and their spirit beast.
"What are the chances these spirit beasts can beat you in a fight?"
Chen Xun squatted on the ground, tossing pebbles in boredom.
"Moo!!" The big black ox let out a roar and drew a perfect "ten" on the ground.
"Awesome!" Chen Xun patted the big black ox and praised, "I've known you're amazing since the start."
The big black ox raised its head proudly, feeling quite pleased.
One day later, the people from the Ten Great Sects arrived one after another. They exchanged pleasantries in their respective camps and seemed to completely disregard the various major sects.
Wei Shan seemed unable to hold on any longer. His expression was extremely unpleasant, but he had to lower his head when under someone else's roof. He could only hope that these disciples would perform well.
On the highest open space, waves of spiritual pressure suddenly emanated, and a loud noise filled the area as colorful spiritual lights shot into the sky, gradually forming a beam of light.
"Fear not, the Ten Great Sects are breaking the restrictions of the Southern Dipper Mountain and opening the teleportation array," Wei Shan explained as he watched the pained expressions of the disciples.
"Yes, Peak Master!" The crowd bowed, not wanting to make a fool of themselves in front of Wei Shan.
**_Boom, boom, boom..._**
The camps of the various major sects all had large Seven-Star Array Teleportation Arrays, and the leaders of each sect placed an ancient token into a slot.
"Hurry, the teleportation array will only last for half a day," Wei Shan shouted as he continuously infused his mana into it. The power of the Five Elements Sect's token could only teleport a maximum of seven hundred people.
"Yes, Peak Master!"
"Yes, Peak Master!"
They quickly formed groups of three with the people they had teamed up with. A moment later, they were teleported away, disappearing in the blink of an eye.
Chen Xun and the big black ox stood alone on the outskirts. After everyone had been teleported away, they slowly approached the teleportation array and stepped inside, joining the rest.
The Seven-Star Array Teleportation Array lost its radiance and vanished, leaving Wei Shan standing with his hands behind his back, gazing at the Southern Dipper Mountain.
As the sun set, it cast a golden twilight. The Southern Dipper Mountain was peaceful and quiet, with no cries of wild beasts.
The area was filled with miasma, and poisonous insects and plants were everywhere. If someone were careless and inhaled the miasma, they would likely lose half their life.
Tens of thousands of people were teleported inside, but it was like a drop of water in the ocean, and they couldn't find their fellow sect members. Even their sect tokens didn't respond, indicating that they were separated by a considerable distance.
On top of an ancient tree, a person and an ox looked around cheekily. The big black ox remembered Chen Xun's words well: "When you're away from home, safety comes first."