Today was the end of another year. The night in Panning City was still bustling, just like when they had first arrived here.
Chen Xun's eyes were filled with curiosity as he leisurely walked the streets, leading the big black ox. They stopped here and there, looking around and holding various kinds of food. They had money now, so naturally, they wanted to treat themselves.
As before, they shared food, causing the people around them to burst into laughter and point out how amusing the young man was.
This time, when they were watching the acrobats, Chen Xun couldn’t help but notice that the black ox was utterly absorbed in the show, no amount of shoving or budging was enough to coax the old ox into moving. The big black ox has always believed that the performers showing them the acts were cultivators. It watched in excitement and fascination, letting out a moo in cheer every now and then, and only resumed walking after it had its fill of entertainment.
Then, the duo looked around for the vendor they had dealt with when they first came into the city, and shortly later, they found him. The vendor had changed his location, but it wasn't too far off from his original spot.
"Boss, do you remember us?" Chen Xun approached the vendor with a slight smile. "We're here to buy wooden carvings."
This time, a child was sitting next to the vendor, playing with a few wooden carvings.
"Oh, young man, it's you!" The vendor was momentarily stunned, then suddenly recalled a memory, and he recognized Chen Xun as the young man who had exchanged rice for his wooden carving back then. "You haven't changed one bit."
"Do you have a wooden carving of a cow? We'll take two."
"Sure!"
The vendor smiled and searched for a bit before finding two lifelike cow wooden carvings without any flaws. He handed them to Chen Xun. "Here you go, young man."
Chen Xun paid the vendor and then grabbed the two wooden carvings before waving them in front of the black ox's eyes, teasing it until it grew anxious, which in turn caused him to burst into laughter.
After that, they went to the riverbank and released a sky lantern once again. And this time, the big black ox didn't let Chen Xun see its wish, blocking his view with its whole body.
The man and ox headed towards the southern part of Panning City, where there were many medical halls. Their smithery was located in the northern region, and it was too far away, so they would have to walk for several days.
Two days later, they arrived in front of a shop with a plaque that read “Pingtai Medical Hall” and on both sides, were couplets with different writings on them.
The upper couplet said “may everyone in the world be safe and sound”, the lower one read “don't worry about the medicine gathering dust on the shelf”, and finally, “peace under heaven” was written on the horizontal banner.
The medical hall’s entrance was riddled with people as they went in and out, their expressions filled with anxiety. The reputation of Pingtai Medical Hall was excellent, and nearby residents praised it as a place that could heal all the sick in the world.
It wouldn’t take much to see how busy the place was; the assistants were constantly preparing medicine for the incoming patients, and several doctors were treating the sick and injured as cries of pain would occasionally resound through the hall.
"Old ox, I'll go take a look inside, so I'll tie you up outside the door. You're all grown up now; you need to learn to protect yourself." Chen Xun said earnestly, "If a stranger tries to take you away, just scream and kick them, but don't use too much force."
"Moo!"
The big black ox nodded and gave a reassuring look, understanding its boundaries.
Stepping inside, one of the shop assistants noticed him and casually greeted. "Ay, young man. What do you need?"
"I'm looking for Ning Si, Doctor Ning," Chen Xun said with a courteous gesture.
He had inquired and knew that Ning Si was the owner here. He was known for his gentle character and compassionate attitude, and was highly praised by the people for his medical skills.
"Young man, you're looking for me?" Ning Si walked over from another hall. His thick, jet-black hair was tied up, and he had a mustache. He was already in his middle years, and his eyes carried a hint of melancholy.
However, this is what it seemed like to Chen Xun. After all, the person in question was a doctor and surely knew how to take care of his health, so he might be a few years older than he appeared.
"Doctor Ning, I've come to learn medicine," Chen Xun bowed respectfully, which in turn caused his sleeves to slip back, revealing his well-toned muscles. His robust physique caused Ning Si’s eyelids to twitch in surprise.
"I'm not taking in apprentices for the time being, young man. Try looking elsewhere," Ning Si said calmly.
"Doctor Ning, I genuinely want to learn the art of medicine and am willing to endure hardship." Chen Xun's eyes showed hope, pleading earnestly, "I can even work here as a helper if it means I can learn something."
"Ai." Sighing, Ning Si's eyes flickered with hesitation. However, at that moment, a loud "moo" came from outside, startling everyone, and prompting Chen Xun to speed out with a gust of wind trailing behind.
“What agile movements!” Ning Si was impressed and hurried outside to see what had happened.
"Huuh. This black ox of mine really has a stubborn temperament and refuses to move no matter what." A thug grinned, explaining to the onlookers.
"Moo! Moo!"
The big black ox angrily mooed and was about to lift its hoof, but when it saw Chen Xun coming out, it quickly bellowed.
"What's going on?! This is my ox!" Chen Xun's eyes widened, and he shouted in anger, "Let it go!"
"You think it’s yours just because you said it is." Sneering, the thug looked Chen Xun up and down. _Hmmph,_ _You are still a kid wet behind the ears._
"Don’t be unreasonable!" Chen Xun retorted.
"Hah. Ridiculous! This is my big black ox. Are you pickin’ a fight?!" The thug spat on the ground, released the rope, rolled up his sleeves, and even took out a dagger, waving it in the air.
He had been dominating this street for many years, and dealing with a young man was a piece of cake.
"Everyone, did you hear that? This guy won't listen to reason," Chen Xun slightly frowned, and loudly shouted to the surrounding crowd, unintentionally revealing the three large axes hanging from his waist.
Seeing them, the thug's eyes shrunk, and his footsteps came to a halt, hesitating. _What's going on with this guy?_
Taking a step forward, Chen Xun slowly unbuttoned his shirt, revealing his chiseled body, with his ten-pack abs being particularly eye-catching. His body appeared to have been repeatedly hammered and forged like steel.
Quickly, murmurs arose among the bystanders…. Who would have thought that this young man, who appeared ordinary initially, would turn out to be a martial arts expert?
"Wait! Young man, I suddenly realized I made a mistake. This isn't my ox…. Haha…ha…ha." The thug tittered, his pupils trembling. _This guy is too fierce…._
He slowly stepped back, realizing he had hit a real steel plate this time.
"I'm leaving… I'll leave first…."
“Piss off! You're looking for a beating!" Suddenly, Chen Xun roared in anger, rushing forward, leaving only a blurry afterimage at his original spot. And immediately, fists the size of sandbags filled the thug’s vision.
"Ahh!! Stop hitting me!!"
The street echoed with the thug's miserable shrieks as he rolled on the ground, continuously begging for mercy. The big black ox stood nearby, spitting out saliva. Soon after, the ox finally shoved the thug away to another place.
The hooligan's eyes were filled with despair; his body seemed broken, with blood all over his mouth and nose, and a foul stench of saliva enveloping him. And that moment, he was even more sure that the young man with the ten-pack abs and iron-like body was not easy to deal with. Even if he brought a few friends, they would only end up getting beaten. From now on, they would avoid him whenever they saw him.
"Well done!"
"That thug deserved a beating!"
"We've long been annoyed by him."
The surrounding crowd cheered in unison. It was truly remarkable to see a young hero do what they wouldn't dare.
Chen Xun coldly snorted. Even the ox dared to attack; if there were any retaliation, he would have had to go on a killing spree.
"Moo! Moo!" The big black ox nudged Chen Xun, feeling at ease when he was by its side.
"It's alright, old ox, I'm here." Chen Xun held his companion’s head with one hand, his gaze coldly fixed on the direction the thug fled.
Suddenly, he looked at Ning Si, causing the latter to shudder.
Looking at the young man who was carrying three big axes, and shirtless with his trained body out…he wondered if he were really here to learn medicine.
"I ask Doctor Ning to accept me. I can even work as a helper in the Pingtai Medical Hall, and my family's ancestral big black ox can also assist." Chen Xun bowed respectfully, his words filled with sincerity.
"Moo! Moo!" The ox also requested Ning Si's approval.
"Doctor Ning, please accept him. It's rare to find such a righteous young man." The crowd chimed in.
"Yes, Doctor Ning, this young man is pitiful. He came to the city with his family's ox to make a living," Even more people in the surrounding crowd spoke in support, as they could see that Chen Xun lead a difficult life.
"Alright, I'll accept you." Ning Si nodded, as he could see the young man's plight and didn't want him to be targeted by those thugs outside the medical hall.
"Thank you, Doctor Ning." Chen Xun was overjoyed and didn’t forget to thank the crowd around him as well for their support.
"Let's go." Ning Si smiled, hands behind his back, and led them into the backyard of the medical hall.