"The very first step in the plan is to dig out our cave residence. After that, we start cultivating the medicinal herbs without using our Essence."
"Then the second step is to earn contributions. Naturally, if we provide enough herbs, our contributions will be much higher than those of ordinary disciples."
"The third step is to gather enough contributions so we can get a flying sword. When I scoured the area, I noticed that there’s secluded spot behind the waterfall. When the time comes, we can fly there and use it for cultivating herbs."
"The fourth and last step is to gather information about the Foundation Establishment Pill. The Southern Dipper Mountain's secret realm is too dangerous, and there's no need to risk our lives."
Chen Xun explained methodically, and hearing his well articulated words, the black ox’s admiration was almost overflowing.
"Most importantly, there's the grand annual competition. We can go and enjoy the show with the crowd!"
"Moo!"
With that, laughter erupted by the waterfall. Chen Xun took off his clothes, revealing his ten-pack abs. He dived into the water.
Today was a perfect day for a swim. The sky was clear, and it brushed with fluffy clouds accompanied by a gentle breeze. The duo played around with mirth.
Later in the day.
The garden was filled with the sound of explosions. Chen Xun held a mountain-opening axe and continuously struck the cliffs, causing pieces of shattered rocks to fly into the air, and clouds of dust to roll.
The black ox fetched water from the waterfall. It then used a technique called _Water Spirit Art _that enhanced water with spiritual energy to irrigate the medicinal fields. It came as a pleasant surprise when the ox found out that the technique had three layers. Learning new things on the immortal path filled it with great excitement.
"Old ox, be careful when you fetch water from now on, don't drown yourself! I won't be saving you next time. _Haha._"
Chen Xun came over, covered in dirt. He couldn’t help but recall that one time they fetched water from under the frozen river.
"Moo!"
The big black ox got angry. It wouldn't fall into the water again. Last time was an accident.
Unbeknownst to the pair, the_ Water Spirit Art _was quite challenging to cultivate. Most cultivators who were responsible for managing a medical garden only ever reached the first layer. It was widely accepted after many years that this little technique needed time to be developed. There were absolutely no shortcuts.
It was without a doubt that the Ten Great Sects indeed had such experts who had mastered this technique, but these people were the sect's most cherished treasures and never appeared in public.
"Force of Mount Hua!" Chen Xun gritted his teeth and struck the cliff again.
He then exclaimed, “Dammit!”
"Moo?" The big black ox ignored the bucket it had just spilled all over the ground and hurried over to Chen Xun’s side.
"Why is it so hard!" He yelled, his eyes widing in shock. “Look! My axe is busted!"
"Moo?" The big black ox couldn't believe it.
Chen Xun could easily split the cliffs in the Ningyun Mountain Range with his mountain-opening axe. Yet, it was broken so easily here.
"Well, it's fine. I can grind it and make it sharper. Maybe these mountain rocks are just tougher."
"Moo~" The big black ox nodded and went back to continue fetching water.
Chen Xun looked at his beloved axe, which was now broken. He sighed and began to sharpen it on a rock. It was his prized creation from his blacksmithing days, and it was painful to see it in such a state.
"Maybe the rocks in this mountain range are really just harder."
Two days later.
Chen Xun finally completed the excavation of their cave residence. He placed pots, bowls, and utensils inside and started cutting wood to make various tools.
He was quite skilled in craftsmanship and quickly made wooden tables and chairs.
"Old ox, let's arrange everything. This will be our home from now on."
Chen Xun smiled happily and took out wooden carvings and other items and placed them around the cave.
"Moo~" The big black ox also dragged items around.
"Dust Removal Technique!"
Chen Xun cast a spell and a gentle breeze swept over his body. He instantly felt refreshed.
"Haha..."
"Moo?" The big black ox was surprised. This was even better than a bath
"Don't underestimate these auxiliary spells, old ox."
Chen Xun marveled at how each auxiliary spell saved them time.
"Moo~" The big black ox grinned and began to meditate on the _Water Spirit Art_
Tonight, the night was as serene as water, with countless stars in the sky. Chen Xun quietly left the cave residence and gazed at the starry sky.
"The world of cultivation... what kind of world is it?" Chen Xun smiled faintly, his eyes dreamy.
During their journey on the flying ship, Ji Kun had boasted that, according to ancient records, there were true cultivation civilizations in distant and faraway places.
They were considered primitive compared to the rest of the cultivation world.
Primitives…? Chen Xun scoffed at the idea. He couldn't believe that their world was less orthodox in terms of cultivation.
"Cultivation civilization..." Chen Xun murmured softly, leaning against the entrance of the cave residence as he gradually fell asleep. "I and the old ox will definitely go there..."
The next day at dawn, as the sun rose in the sky, Chen Xun started working diligently with the big black ox.
"Old ox, let's go hunting."
"Moo!"
Chen Xun carried an axe on his shoulder as they headed into the mountains. There were many wild beasts in the mountain range, and the sect didn't pay much attention to them.
Time quickly passed, and half a year flew by. It was spring.
The medicinal garden was now full of herbs, and the air was filled with their medicinal fragrance. They were flourishing.
Chen Xun and the big black ox were sitting in the garden.
Ripples of water surrounded them and turned into vivid water balls filled with spiritual energy and magical power.
**_Pop! Pop!_**
One by one, the water balls burst, and Chen Xun and the big black ox slowly opened their eyes.
"The second layer of _Water Spirit Art_: Done! This doesn't seem too difficult." Chen Xun furrowed his brows slightly. His heart was a bit competitive. "Even the old ox has reached the second level."
"Moo? Moo!"
The black ox gazed meaningfully at him when it heard his words. What is he talking about? Its cultivation was slow, but its speed at learning techniques wasn’t.
"However, reaching the Foundation Establishment will be very hard."
Chen Xun contemplated for a moment and continued, "Liquificating the dantian will take another hundred years. We might be able to reach it then."
"Moo!"
The black ox's pupils shrank, arching its body. It nudged Chen Xun. Such a tough fate!
"Haha, I am just teasing you."
Chen Xun laughed, patting the big black ox. "Everything is going according to plan. Let's get to work!"
"Moo~" The big black ox happily let out a bellow and followed closely behind Chen Xun.
Chen Xun made himself a straw hat, and he made a big one for the black ox.
The ox was very happy with its new hat and it started wearing it even in sleep.
Under the sunlight, the two of them, one human and one ox, continued to work in the medicinal field, wearing their straw hats and looking joyful.