In the days that followed, whenever Ji Kun returned from executing tasks outside the sect, he would come to chat with Chen Xun and the big black ox. This place was the most relaxing for him.
Especially when he saw their well-being, he had a strange feeling, as if he felt truly at ease working outside.
Chen Xun and the big black ox were also curious about the outside world. Every time Ji Kun came, they enjoyed listening to his stories, accompanied by the strange laughter of the big black ox.
Ji Kun would occasionally bring the big black ox to the Contribution Hall. Chen Xun couldn't help but shake his head and sigh, "Truly, a big ox is not easily kept!" Every time Ji Kun left, they watched him with hope for a safe return, then turned to resume their cultivation.
...
As time passed, the years turned into a song, and the days flowed like flowers. Unknowingly, many springs and autumns had passed, and now it was the tenth year since Chen Xun and the big black ox came to the Medicine Garden.
During these years, the funeral bells of the Five Elements Sect kept ringing. A Golden Core stage cultivator had passed away, and many mourned for him. Even a thousand years of life couldn't resist the erosion of time.
The sect appeared desolate, and a pillar of the sect quietly fell. Many people had not yet recovered from this sorrow.
The Five Elements Sect was never a peaceful place, but because of these predecessors who forged ahead under heavy burdens in places unseen, each disciple received their grace and protection.
Chen Xun and the big black ox had also performed rituals for the predecessors. Chen Xun even used the wood from the Crane Spirit Tree to make a wooden coffin. Together, they carried the coffin, blew the suona, and shook the bells, offering the highest tribute to the deceased at the remote mountain village funeral.
Although they had no direct connection, and it might be insignificant, it was their sincere intention. Later, they set up a big pot, boiled water, and had a banquet filled with infinite sadness.
They also added the seven immortal points to the spiritual energy. The external debts of the alchemy hall were finally paid off.
With the basic salary and the stipend from the Spirit Medicine Garden, Chen Xun carefully calculated and found that he was making about a thousand contribution points a year, truly becoming rich. Relying on their cultivation techniques to support their families without stealing or robbing made them feel content.
The big black ox successfully built its foundation last year. After that, it also went through the process of being registered in the Beast Hall. Now it was a figure with status. It began walking with its head held high, causing a gust of wind as it moved, with its ox nose pointing to the sky.
It continuously wrote words on the ground, asking Chen Xun to call it 'The big black ox' and try it out. Chen Xun was in a great mood and fulfilled the big black ox's wish. Excited, it stood up and kept mooing.
Inside the sect's Spirit Medicine Garden.
Compared to the usual tranquility, today there was a tense atmosphere in the Gathering Spring Stream. The grass and trees seemed like soldiers, ready for battle.
The big black ox looked nervous, constantly looking around. So many Chens! They all had different expressions, each wearing bandit headgear, some standing on the water, some on the tips of grass, and others on giant rocks.
Its divine sense spread everywhere, but these 'Chen Xuns' were all aggregations of spiritual energy and magical power. They were all fakes and couldn't move at all. How could the big black ox be fooled by such a low-level illusion?
"Moo!"
The big black ox roared angrily, and raging flames soared into the sky. The central flame, controlled by its divine sense, began to explode in all directions. The terrifying magical power in the flames produced a tearing whistle.
Whoosh!
Whoosh!
...
Each 'Chen Xun' was instantly engulfed by the flames, turning into countless blue smokes dispersing into the sky. The big black ox grinned, realizing the terrifying magical power of the Foundation Establishment stage. It hadn't even exerted its full strength yet.
Dang!
A loud clang echoed, and suddenly, the big black ox's eyes narrowed as it was forced to retreat a few steps. A five-colored magical power shield enveloped its body, blocking a sneak attack from a mountain-splitting axe.
This was a huge advantage of the Foundation Establishment stage. As long as there was spiritual energy in the body, the magical power shield could be opened at any time to block fatal attacks.
It was no longer like the small shields of the Qi Refinement stage, which only protected against wind and rain like a thin film.
Of course, if the defense was broken, that would be troublesome. However, the Foundation Establishment stage greatly enhanced the cultivator's physique, making it difficult for ordinary knives and spears to cause harm. They were no longer as fragile as in the Qi Refinement stage.
The Five Elements Shadow Escape had been perfectly combined with their speed. Previously, they often ran in a straight line and had trouble stopping, with the big black ox frequently colliding with trees.
Now, they were extremely agile, with controlled speed. They even felt that this technique was comparable to the one Master Bai Shi had back in the day!
The killing intent was as cold as the winter wind, piercing to the bone!
At this moment, a continuous sound of sonic booms echoed, and a 'Chen Xun' appeared after each virtual image. However, the big black ox remained calm. It gradually calmed down, recalling what Chen Xun had taught it - to stay calm during battles; otherwise, the consequences would be unavoidable.
"Moo!" The big black ox's eyes revealed a cold light. Its divine sense saw Chen Xun hiding under the distant Spirit Tree!
Whoosh!
The big black ox turned into a streak of light, rushing towards Chen Xun. Its body was incredibly agile, leaving behind many remnants and various wooden avatars. In an instant, it reached Chen Xun, and a hoof whistled down.
But Chen Xun revealed a cruel smile, "Old Ox, you fell for it!"
Boom!
"Moo!" The big black ox exclaimed in surprise, his eyes filled with disbelief. Its hoof landed on the illusion, then forcefully struck the large tree, leaving a huge ox hoof imprint.
"Black ox, die for me!"
Chen Xun shouted, continuously moving among numerous illusionary avatars, emitting eerie laughter.
"Fireball Technique."
Chen Xun suddenly appeared, not far behind the big black ox, forming a hand seal. A sky full of fire and rain spread out. Controlled by divine sense, a dark red fire dragon rushed forward, giving the big black ox no chance to dodge.
It happened so suddenly. The dark red fire dragon was about to collide with the big black ox, and at this moment, the body of the big black ox suddenly twisted inexplicably.
The big black ox left only a mocking smile, "Basic Five Elements Escape Technique; who doesn't know that?!" The fire dragon instantly submerged its body, turning into countless blue smokes dispersing.
"Damn it," Chen Xun was a bit annoyed. This black ox was indeed tricky. His eyes sharp, his divine sense constantly observing the increasing number of 'The big black oxs' around.
"Moo!!"
With another roar from the big black ox, it suddenly appeared on the surface of the water, and a roaring sound reverberated. A momentum that was difficult to describe gradually rose.
In an instant, five array flags were arranged in five directions, and a strong wind rose, sweeping everywhere like sharp knives. Countless 'Chen Xuns' were swept into magical power fragments, gradually revealing his true body.
"Old Ox, you bastard! We agreed not to use formations!"
Chen Xun's face was full of rage, saying word by word, "You dare to deceive me?!"
"Moo moo~" The big black ox happily jumped around. You taught me this - it's called the art of war.
"Exert strength to pull mountains, dominating the world!!"
"Moo!"
A scream came, and Chen Xun threw the big black ox into the water again. Then, in a sneak attack, he pulled Chen Xun into the water. They started playing around directly in the water.
In the end, because Chen Xun had the right to speak, it was judged that Chen Xun won.
He laughed wildly in the water, continually slapping the big black box. "Old Ox, playing tricks with your Bro Xun, you're still a bit green."