In the following three years, Chen Xun began to follow Ning Si on his medical appointments. They visited the common people, solving a variety of difficult illnesses. Every now and then, they would encounter "minor troubles"; however, with a little showcase of Chen Xun ten-packs, they would disappear like fleeting clouds.
The young man would always carry a little booklet filled with numerous questions. Thankfully, Ning Si was quite patient, and he gladly provided answers every time. He would say that such an apprentice, who was eager to learn, was truly rare.
However, there was one time when they went to diagnose a patient from a wealthy family, and Chen Xun accidentally revealed the axe at his waist, which shocked everyone. At that moment, Chen Xun smiled awkwardly and didn’t say anything; to him, it was not all that weird to carry a weapon around when outside.
He casually tidied his robe to cover the axe back again, however, he inadvertently revealed his two other weapons as well…. The moment the family members saw them, they went on high alert, and held long sticks in their hands. They were thoroughly convinced that his young man was no ordinary person.
Chen Xun could only smile kindly, continuously explaining that carrying a couple of weapons in this world while wandering around was perfectly understandable. However, it was without a doubt that if Ning Si wasn’t there, a big fight would have broken out.
As Ning Si examined the patient, the family members were wrecked with nervousness, sweating profusely. Their minds wandered about; _if the young man were to encounter an incurable disease, would he resort to his axe to solve the problem?_
Chen Xun noticed their troubled expressions, and continuously smiled and nodded to reassure them. They quickly returned the gesture. However, they seemed more like little chicks pecking at grains.
...
At Pingtai Medical Hall.
The sun seemed to shine a little more brightly today, and the spring scenery was especially beautiful.
Chen Xun had finally changed into a doctor's robe, and everyone passing by respectfully addressed him as Doctor Chen.
"Doctor Chen, please save him!" A voice filled with anxiety barked. A commoner supporting a person with a dark complexion rushed into the medical clinic
Chen Xun's eyes narrowed as he observed the man's appearance from a distance. The man appeared to be poisoned, and the poison had already penetrated deep into his bloodstream. If they had arrived any later, he would have been in a critical condition.
"Was he bit by a snake?" Chen Xun placed the man on a nearby bed and noticed two small wounds on his hand, which seemed to be caused by snake fangs.
"No, Doctor Chen. He ate poisonous mushrooms!"
"What?!" Chen Xun was taken aback and quickly began examining the man’s pulse. It wasn’t long before his expression changed dramatically. He looked at the commoner and said, "He must have been bitten by a venomous snake too, after he ate the poisonous mushrooms…."
**_Bang!_**
The commoner immediately knelt down, sobbing and shouting, "Doctor, please save him!"
"I'll write a prescription for you. Go and get the medicine. It should still be possible to save him." Chen Xun took a piece of paper and started scribbling, then handed it to the commoner, who, after reading it, looked distressed as he realized he didn't have enough money to buy the medicine.
"It's alright, I'll cover it for you first, and you can repay me when you have the money." Chen Xun said calmly. He had earned quite a bit of money by treating wealthy patients throughout the years.
"Thank you, Doctor, thank you!" The commoner was overjoyed, tears streaming down his face.
Chen Xun nodded. In this world, if a man falls, his whole family will suffer. He did what he could to help within his means.
However, gradually, he realized that he had made a grave mistake….
The reputation of Chen Xun's benevolence and virtue gradually spread. The other doctors in the clinic all had families to support and couldn't afford to treat patients without charge like Chen Xun did. He was highly revered, and it was rumored everywhere that he was a divine healer who treated patients for free and even allowed them to owe him money for medicine. They were only short of giving him an honorary plaque.
Countless impoverished people flocked to him, and Chen Xun began to feel the strain on his finances. However, he wouldn't burden others or use the morality card to get the clinic to do the same.
Meanwhile, only a few of the people who owed him money came to repay it; the rest were genuinely penniless.
Soon, however, the winds of change swept. Some people started to curse him, saying he turned a blind eye to the dying and showed false benevolence. Even some of the people he had helped before visited the clinic with disdainful looks.
Some people came seeking his treatment, but when they heard that he would no longer allow anyone to owe money, they spat at the clinic’s door, feeling that they had wasted their time coming all this way.
Good deeds might not necessarily leave one’s house, however, bad deeds spread a thousand miles. The people didn’t spare any effort spreading their grievance. They said that Pingtai Medical Hall has a doctor who displayed improper conduct. Who always carried three axes around with him. One look, and you’d know he’s no good person.
Inside the backyard of the Pingtai Medical Hall, Chen Xun no longer dared to practice medicine in the front hall.
"Wow. I really made a clown of myself this time." Chen Xun laughed heartily, but there was a touch of desolation in his laughter. Even the clinic's staff and doctors were looking at him differently now.
‘You liked to pretend, didn't you? Do you still want to pretend now? Many people in this clinic are secretly laughing at you. At that time, you stole their spotlight,’ they secretly thought.
"Moo! Moo!" The black ox leaned its head against Chen Xun's face. It had also heard about the rumors spreading everywhere.
"You see what happened now, old ox? Didn’t I tell you? Let's just help our friends from now on…. Do you understand my point now?"
"Moo! Moo!"
The black ox looked at Chen Xun with deep concern. It had never seen him so dejected before. In its eyes, Chen Xun had always been an optimistic and joyful person.
"You think too much. Everything went as I expected. I just wanted to prove my point." Chen Xun forced a smile, one hand tightly holding the ox’s head, their faces close together.
"Moo~" the animal nudged Chen Xun, feeling extremely angry deep inside.
"Let’s go, old ox. It’s not okay for us to stay any longer. I'll go say goodbye to Ning Si." Chen Xun patted the black ox. He knew that his presence here had severely affected the clinic's business, and he didn't want to burden anyone.
"Moo!"
The big black ox jumped up; it also didn't want to stay here and quickly went to pack up their pots and pans.
Watching its busy figure, Chen Xun's heart warmed, and a slight smile appeared on his lips.
At Ning Si's residence, Chen Xun had changed back into his old green clothes. He no longer wore the doctor's robe from the clinic.
"I have learned of this matter and understand your difficulties," Ning Si said, sitting in the main seat. His eyes showing a sense of appreciation towards the young man’s growth. "Human nature tends to be wicked; this is the conclusion I have reached after practicing medicine for many years. I hope this wake-up call will be helpful on your future journey."
"Thank you for your guidance, Master Ning. I will never forget it." Chen Xun solemnly arched his hand. He had learned so much in the past ten years.
Ning Si picked up a book with no label from the table and explained, "This is my experience from many years. I am giving it to you as a gift."
"What?" Chen Xun was surprised. He took a step forward, and quickly received the book. "Master Ning, I am too embarrassed to accept this."
Ning Si tried to lightly pull the book, and his face changed. He couldn't pull it; it was as if the book was clamped by an iron clamp.
He pressed, chuckling lightly. "It's alright, take it."
"Thank you, Master Ning!" Chen Xun moved quickly, and the book instantly appeared at his waist. The speed was so fast that Ning Si's pupils dilated slightly.
"Go now. And when you have time, come back and visit," Ning Si said.
"Master Ning, thank you for taking me in. Even if I have to travel a long distance, I will definitely come back," Chen Xun said with a serious expression and bowed deeply.
Ning Si nodded and expressed his feelings, "In those years, I have been observing you. You are wise, yet you like to play the fool. You are destined not to be an ordinary person. Just stay true to yourself."
Chen Xun slowly raised his head and glanced at Ning Si one last time, and then turned to leave.
Watching Chen Xun's departing figure, Ning Si smiled faintly.
"Young man, may your future be as bright as the morning sun; full of potential."