The year’s Immortal Point was still without a doubt invested into the Essence of All Things. With this new upgrade, the drop of green liquid could now accelerate the growth by eight whole months.
Their current points distribution was as follows: Strength: 21, Speed: 21, Defense: 0, Spiritual Energy: 0, Essense of all Things: 8
Chen Xun's hair was currently a heap of mess. And his clothes were dirty and creased all over. He and the ox began to wander about the city. When they got bored, they would crouch down on the side of the road and play with the stray dogs.
It took them two months to reach the southern region of the city.
A while back, Chen Xun had received news that Doctor Ning was in a critical condition. He quickly rushed to visit and handed his master’s wife the hundred-year-old ginseng they had, then left their residence soon after.
A month later, Doctor Ning passed away. Crowds of people flocked together to bid him their farewell with tears staining their eyes. To them, Doctor Si was a great man who had helped countless people throughout the years.
At the funeral stood many people with white scarves dappled on their heads. It turned out that the Ning family was huge, and Chen Xun felt that he was not needed by any means around here. He stood silently and unremarkably among the many people who came to show their condolences.
The icy wind howled, turning his hair into an erratic group of strands in the air. The breeze seemed to have shaken his mind, too. It carried a hint of familiar fragrance that tugged at his memories. The scent lingered in the air before it slowly dissipated, as if slowly merging into the world….
Throughout the many years he lived, there were only three people up to this point that had occupied a spot in his heart.
The first one was the old village chief. He had remembered them in their most difficult of times. When starving, he would send them a meal that would fill them with not just food but with gratitude as well.
The second one was Old Sun. The old man with no kin who had given them a place they could call home when they first arrived in Panning City.
The third one was Master Ning. He taught them the ways of the world, and gave them valuable lessons in life. He didn’t know when, but at one point in time, medical knowledge seemed to have slowly fallen into a spot of secondary importance.
"They... They seem to have all passed away."
That thought seemed to have been the straw that broke the camel's back, and his mouth started trembling uncontrollably, and tears threatened to fall. Just the thought that he never had the chance to see Doctor Ning alive and well one last time brought him a great feeling of misery and grief.
At that moment, he didn’t know what to do and leaned his head against the ox’s, hoping to find some solace in its company.
The setting sun cast a blood-red glow over the city, and a flock of geese quacked in the sky, migrating from the mountains. They flew into the sun until one could only see their faint figures turn into dots in the sky and finally completely disappear into the horizon line.
The Ning family members carried the coffin farther and farther, until they gradually disappeared through the city gate.
Chen Xun didn’t leave and stayed in place, rooted, for a long time. Tears streamed down his cheeks and onto the ground, forming little wet splashes.
Countless common people followed behind the family members. Their eyes were filled with sorrow.
After some time, Chen Xun led the ox to walk towards them. He was almost dragging his feet. His tear stricken face turned stoic, and one could hardly see any signs of sadness on his face.
They walked toward the direction of the gate. They decided to leave. Leave Panning City.
…
Quickly another year passed by, and it was currently the time of year where one would typically see a horde of wishing lanterns soaring into the skies of Panning City.
The wind breezed atop the mountains, and on a peak, sat the ox and Chen Xun, gazing into a sprawling city in the distance. They had no lanterns of their own this year, and could only silently make a wish in their hearts.
Needless to say, this year’s point was still invested into the Essence of All Things. This was an attribute of crucial value.
The way Chen Xun carried himself seemed to have changed, and an air of maturity seeped through his bones. He had grown-up over the past year and appeared calmer and more composed.
"Let’s go. Fatty is waiting for us."
"Moo."
The ox reluctantly nodded, its eyes still focused on the sea of wishing lanterns in the sky. They used to release lanterns of their own every year. Even when they were in the Ningyun Mountains, they would return at the end of the year and still participate in the event.
The two figures slowly descended the mountain.
When they reached the foot of the mountain, they noticed a chubby young man standing in luxurious brocade robes. His features weren’t much, but one couldn’t help but notice his pair of cunning eyes. He appeared to be waiting for them.
"Fatty!" Chen Xun shouted. A curve rose on his lips, making him appear casual and harmless.
"Brother Xun." The chubby young man cupped his hands and smiled. He seemed to think himself as somewhat of a senior and started preaching: "The path of cultivation is long, and it's better for mortals not to be too attached to it."
The chubby young man was at the third level of Qi Condensation. He was well-known by the cultivators in the Ningyun Mountains. A "mediator" of sorts. He specialized in guiding cultivators to take part in the annual Ascension Summit. He has earned himself quite the reputation. And money, too.
"Brother Xun is absolutely right." Chen Xun nodded with an innocent smile, but he ridiculed the fatso in his mind. Better not be overly attached? You didn’t seem that detached when I offered you those precious herbs. It's clear you're mingling in the mortal world from that get-up, too.
Still, this whole front was understandable. It was all a tactic to sway the listener into attending the Ascension Summit more.
"Brother Xun, you are bringing an ox with you?" The chubby young man frowned slightly. This would make things difficult. "If you're entering an immortal sect, it would be better to deal with this black ox first."
"You must be joking. With my aptitude, it's not like I can just decide to join an immortal sect. I'm going to broaden my horizons."
"Your temperament is pretty good. No wonder you've cultivated to the second level of Qi Condensation on your own at such a young age."
"Eh, can’t you tell, Fatty? I'm a medicinal herb gatherer. I just happened to stumble upon a precious spiritual herb a few years back." Chen Xun spoke casually. He was like a youth who hasn’t experienced much in life.
They had figured out a way to conceal their spiritual energy using the Essence of All Things. Outsiders couldn't detect their strength at all. It was the perfect way to mix in.
"I see." His words seemed to have dispeled some of the fatty’s doubts
"Do you know why the major sects hold the Ascension Summit, Brother Xun?"
The chubby young man, accompanied by Chen Xun and the big black ox, continued to head deeper into the mountains. They met a few vagabond cultivators, which caused Chen Xun to be on edge. However, these cultivators were rather indifferent toward the group since they recognized the chubby young man. After giving Chen Xun a quick glance, they went on their way.
"No, I hope you can enlighten me." Chen Xun seemed to lower his standing and showed respect to the chubby young man, which he greatly appreciated.
"It’s for the sects to send their disciples to recruit new blood into the sect. Even those vagabond cultivators roaming the land sometimes have a change of heart and decide to try their luck," The chubby young man spoke confidently. "These people tread the path of immortality due to various unforeseen circumstances and among them are many talented individuals."
"You are right. If their potential goes to waste, it's a loss for the major sects."
"Yeah, you're right. I've been in this line of work for many years, and the number of vagabond cultivators is increasing like carps crossing the river every year."
The chubby young man sighed and lamented, "This is a great opportunity for the major sects to expand their strength. Which sect doesn’t want to progress further in hierarchy?"
"Still, it's thanks to people like you that we, vagabond cultivators, have the opportunity to join these sects." Chen Xun spoke sincerely. He truly felt this way.
The chubby young man patted Chen Xun's shoulder. There was an approving glint in his eyes. These words seemed to have vanquished any thoughts he had concerning extra money.
Having seen so many vagabond cultivators meet an end, he had developed a more open-minded attitude. If one had no hope of reaching the Foundation Establishment stage, he might as well enjoy the mortal world.
"Brother Xun, let me add something."
"Please enlighten me, Fatty."
"These major sects have extremely high requirements for cultivating immortality. If you suffer a setback, I want you to remain composed, lest you nurture inner demons. You have to maintain a broader mentality."
The chubby young man spoke sincerely. It was his first time seeing a vagabond cultivator who seemed truly wisened and down-to-earth. The many others he encountered before were full of themselves and boasted to be great immortals. And when they entered the Ascension Summit, they received a harsh slap from reality. Sometimes they would even go crazy and you couldn’t predict what they might do.
"Brother Xun, remember what I said." He urged.
Chen Xun halted his steps and respectfully put his palms together.
"Alright, let's continue." The chubby young man smiled and led the way again.
As they neared the entrance to the valley, a thick fog gradually appeared, obstructing their view.
"Brother Xun, this is it: Nine Stars Valley."
The chubby young man stood with his hands behind his back, looking at the dense fog.
"This is a formation created collaboratively by the various sects. If mortals accidentally enter, they'll become lost here and eventually be expelled out."
"Can we just walk right in?" Chen Xun asked, his eyes filled with astonishment.
He was shocked that these thick mists were actually part of a formation and were able to manipulate the surrounding space.
"Of course, the formation can discern the spiritual energy within cultivators."
The chubby young man chuckled. "Well then, Brother Xun, let's part ways here. I need to guide the other vagabonds."
"Alright, thank you, Fatty." Chen Xun bowed slightly, a hint of delight in his eyes.
The chubby young man nodded, turned around, and left.
"Old ox, we're here… in the world of cultivators."
"Moo~~ Moo~~"
Chen Xun and the big black ox stood outside the valley, just like the day they first arrived in Panning City. They trembled all over, even more than they did the day they arrived at Panning City.