Chen Xun and the big black ox, combined with the essence of all things, can now cultivate a spiritual medicine of 250 years in just one month, and the dream of a thousand-year spiritual medicine is no longer just a dream.
"The Basic Five Elements Escape Technique" and "Five Elements Escape Shadow" have been perfectly integrated after the addition of speed and magical power.
They don't actually know how fast their current escape speed is; they haven't tested it within the Five Elements Sect.
On the battlefield, it is absolutely impossible to fight against the Golden Core stage. The power of one person and one ox cannot affect the overall situation, but they can always escape.
In the past fifty years, Chen Xun has begun to strengthen the Fireball Technique. Although the power is only slightly greater than before, it is a glimmer of hope.
The big black ox can already superimpose two miniature formations, much more successfully than Chen Xun, and has finally taken a step forward.
This matter made Chen Xun very happy, constantly praising the big black ox as a truly peerless genius, just a little worse than him.
Everything was difficult at the beginning, so they celebrated and went to the mountains to cut a few crane spirit trees and hunt some wild animals.
After Xu Wenlin came back, he was very satisfied. Chen Xun's junior brother really cared. The Lingyao Garden had not changed at all, and he hadn't touched the places he shouldn't.
Their small circle spread, and even a few people came to Chen Xun for help; as long as they were people, there would be private matters, asking him to help manage the Lingyao Garden.
With contributions in place, Chen Xun naturally cannot refuse. Plucking the seeds of Lingyao is just a side job.
The prescription for the 'Three Yuan Pill' has also been obtained, and it has not aroused any suspicion.
Because he started to slowly change from the Qi refining period prescription and then rose to the foundation building period, the elders of the contribution hall just shook their heads. This junior brother always likes to waste contributions.
The Lingyao needed in the prescription is still available in the sect, but it is quite rare, all in their sect's Lingyao Garden.
At that time, the big black ox admired Chen Xun so much that he was so scared that he kept mooing. Chen Xun really had foresight.
However, having a prescription but not having the alchemy skills, Chen Xun is still groping slowly, and the main medicine for three hundred years is still used for five hundred years. He is not very superstitious.
He tried countless times. If he used ordinary alchemy fire, it would indeed be scrapped and unable to condense the pill.
But with the enhancement of the power of the alchemy fire, the medicinal liquid became quite stable. It seems that his speculation is correct, but he dares not use too much high-age spiritual medicine.
Because the power of the pill is too violent, after taking it, the body will explode and die, and the story of the entire sect having a feast happens every day in the cultivation world.
He and the Big black ox are not short of life, and they are not in a hurry. They are not very eager for the pursuit of cultivation.
Just seeking stability, carefully understanding the progress of each cultivation.
These spiritual medicines are regarded as gifts from heaven and earth to them. Otherwise, even if there is the essence of all things, it is impossible to cook without rice.
Cultivation was originally going against the sky and fighting against heaven. However, Chen Xun and the big black ox have a completely different mentality because of immortality. They are really grateful to heaven.
And the so-called poison of the 'Three Yuan Pill' does exist, but it seems to have been melted by the enhanced alchemy fire and lost many troubles.
Chen Xun also discovered a big secret, that is, with the enhancement of the alchemy fire and the use of spiritual medicines beyond the years of the prescription, the quality of the pill will be greatly increased.
His alchemy technique is rough, but he can already refine the medium grade 'Three Yuan Pill'. It is temporarily enough, and a contented man is always happy.
Moreover, they also saw many treasures on the auction list of the Imperial City; even spiritual beasts were auctioned.
It was beyond their imagination, and their horizons were greatly expanded, and they kept saying that they must go and see in the future.
Chen Xun and the Big black ox were so happy every day, as if these things were theirs. The most important thing was that they also saw many things that shielded divine consciousness.
There are magic weapons, all kinds of weird materials, and things that stay young. The cultivation world is so fantastic that it always makes people full of endless fantasies.
...
In the cave of the Huiquan Sword Spirit Lingyao Garden, there was the sound of grinding axes, and only Chen Xun could grind the magical tools with stones.
"Old ox, this is a pre-war preparation ceremony, representing that we will soon be triumphant in the future!"
Chen Xun looked serious, with a slightly cold look in his eyes, and the open mountain axe kept grinding. "We have never been on the battlefield."
"Moo!" The big black ox roared, and the hooves kept twitching. It also sat on the side to sharpen a complete set of hooligan knives made of refined iron, looking very serious.
"The battlefield is not a child's play; it is definitely not like the secret realm of Southern Dipper Mountain. Old ox, we must be careful."
Chen Xun showed a rare seriousness, and he couldn't imagine the war of cultivators, but it must be fiercer than the war in the mortal world.
"Moo!" The big black ox's hooves quickened, its expression exceptionally tense, and its mouth emitted urgent mooing sounds.
It had been frightened by the imposing manner of the Five Elements Sect. Such a grand formation made me wonder about the spectacle of the ten major immortal sects. The cultivation world was truly terrifying.
The big black ox once asked Chen Xun, once the news was confirmed, why didn't they leave early, at least avoiding a desperate situation.
Moreover, in the great war between the two countries, their absence wouldn't make much difference, but their presence wouldn't make much difference either. Chen Xun would never put himself in a dangerous situation.
However, at that time, Chen Xun just smiled and said, "If we don't even have the heart to resist, if we run away, the merits of a thousand years, ten thousand years, and countless years may all be lost..."
"We might be safe, but our backbone will be lost, and we won't be able to find it again in this lifetime. Old Ox, not resisting and surviving are not the same concept."
"This is the country where we were born. Under a fallen nest, there are no intact eggs. The small mountain village, the resting place of Uncle Sun, is here, and the Five Elements Sect is our new home."
"The other cultivators are even dumber than us. If everyone doesn't resist, everyone runs away; sooner or later, they will disband. What's the point of cultivating immortality? Just play like independent cultivators."
"These people, even if they cultivate to the pinnacle of the Dao, are still cowards. They are nothing. Without the recognition of the Black Ox of the West Gate, they are nothing."
After listening, the big black ox was enlightened, with eyes wide and round, so excited that it almost bathed in incense and bowed to Chen Xun.
In the end, Chen Xun just smiled coldly. If the situation was irreparable, no one could stop those high-level cultivators; of course, they would run away.
How many people could he and the big black ox fight? One big spell from another Golden Core cultivator would probably be the end of them.
Wait until they have the strength to come back and blast their mountain gate into dust.
Then dig up all the graves of this generation of people, and the cultivators of the Wu Nation won't have much life left to play with.
"Old Ox, remember what I said? We will fight the early-stage Foundation Establishment cultivators. When it comes to the mid-stage, we will run away, absolutely not confront them head-on."
"Moo!"
With knives being sharpened in the cave, their blood boiled. In terms of national righteousness, they absolutely couldn't act cowardly. They must protect the territory of the Qian Nation!
They had suffered hunger together, run on roads together, and been in prison together. Now, they were about to go to the battlefield together.
Chen Xun and the big black ox exchanged a glance, smiled knowingly, and both their eyes carried an indescribable sense of emotion.
"Old Ox, check our equipment and belongings; bring everything; don't leave anything behind."
"Moo!" The big black ox fiercely exhaled a breath, instantly disappearing in the cave and going to another cave for a final check.
Suddenly.
Chen Xun's brows furrowed deeply, and his messaging talisman kept flashing urgently.
A faint rumbling sound rang out, and he instantly disappeared from the cave.
However, in the blink of an eye, a figure appeared in the medicine garden. Chen Xun waved his hand, activating the restrictions.
"Junior Brother Chen Xun, the ten major immortal sects have issued the extermination order, and all the sects in the Qian Nation have received the news. We are officially going to war against the Wu Nation's cultivation world!"
An urgent voice of a woman echoed from the path; it was Liu Yuan. She shouted, "Our Five Elements Sect will set out in three days!"
"What?!"
A thunderous roar echoed, and Chen Xun appeared at the entrance in an instant, his eyes slightly red. "Old Ox, prepare your belongings; get ready to set out to the battlefield!"
"Moo!"
Another earth-shattering roar came from another cave. The big black ox, like a wild buffalo, with red eyes, charged towards Chen Xun.
In this battle, there was no room for others. The battlefield was where they would sacrifice themselves for their country.
Chen Xun held an open mountain axe in one hand, two more were strapped to his waist, and he held a hooligan mask in the other. His eyes were as cold as frost.
The big black ox stood beside Chen Xun, emitting continuous, angry roars. Its entire body was already equipped with blades, ready to march for the Qian Nation!
An endless gale swept up, and a chilling killing intent spread in all directions. The surrounding grasslands bowed incessantly, and the momentum was awe-inspiring.
Liu Yuan, who had now reached the mid Foundation Establishment stage, stared in astonishment at Chen Xun and the big black ox, wondering what was happening...
"Sister Liu, rest assured. Old Ox and I have long been prepared for this day.
We are willing to sacrifice ourselves for the Qian Nation, leaving behind the last drop of blood on the battlefield! Fight until the last drop is left!"
Chen Xun's blood was boiling at this moment as he shouted loudly. As for why he wanted to leave the last drop of blood, it was natural to leave with a bucket and run.
"Moo moo!" The big black ox roared in excitement. Its eyes were also turning red, and it, too, was crazy to march with Chen Xun to war.