"This Kong Yongyuan is too arrogant; I hope someone can teach him a lesson." Many people were discussing.
"Hehe, how could the genius of the Thunderous Gate, Shen Yu, spare him? I heard that they have long held grudges."
"We can only wait and see. The geniuses of the Top Ten Sects are not weak at all."
Under the platform, there were constant discussions among the cultivators, spitting out words excitedly as if they were even more thrilled than the geniuses themselves, feeling fully involved.
Chen Xun and the big black ox walked to the edge of the crowd, protecting the cultivators in front of them because they couldn't get a spot in the front row.
Although the fighting platform was far from their position, it was elevated, so there was no problem with the visual acuity of Golden Core cultivators.
The open-air platforms of those pavilions were indeed good places to watch, but the price was too high and was not within their consideration.
"Old ox, this scene is much grander than the competition of the Five Elements Sect." Chen Xun transmitted the sound while holding the big black ox's hand, afraid of being scattered by the crowd, "Look at the sky in the west; it's full of big shots."
"Moo moo!" The big black ox also looked around, leaning against Chen Xun, not moving an inch.
Chen Xun smiled broadly; they loved to watch such official-level excitement, which didn't involve them in any disputes.
"Moo~" The big black ox nudged Chen Xun.
"Don't worry, I brought them. Melon seeds are good stuff."
Chen Xun patted the storage bag, and a bunch of melon seeds floated out. Both of them began to eat, waiting for the assembly to start.
The sky in the west surged with light, vast spiritual energy spread across the sky, and a majestic and steady voice rang out: "Begin."
All the cultivators in the entire city seemed to be deterred by this momentum and instantly became quiet.
Chen Xun and the big black ox dared not continue eating their melon seeds halfway, not wanting to disturb the atmosphere.
At this moment, countless cultivators suddenly looked towards the sky.
Boom!
Boom!
In the eastern sky, a figure with overwhelming spiritual energy came down from the sky. With each step, the air seemed to tremble and echo.
The figure wore white robes and had an incredibly handsome yet indifferent face.
With one hand behind his back, he exuded an air of invincibility, as if he regarded all cultivators as insignificant.
"Qingyang Gate's contemporary top talent, Kong Yongyuan, has arrived!"
"With such an imposing entrance, I wonder how many Golden Core cultivators he can overpower."
"Ah, this is reality. Regardless of background or strength, others are the existence we look up to."
"Old ox, hahaha, amazing!"
"Moo~~"
There was another wave of shock and exclamation. Chen Xun and the big black ox were also amazed, but they didn't feel fully involved; this excitement was like watching it for nothing.
For their own people, this forbidden air formation was just isolating them from the excitement.
Boom!
Shen Yu descended from the sky and faced Kong Yongyuan, slightly tilting his head. "Kong Yongyuan, finally not hiding anymore?"
"Shen Yu, just because you once defeated me due to my injury, do you think you deserve to stand in front of me?" Kong Yongyuan remained indifferent, as if he didn't care about Shen Yu at all.
Shen Yu shook his head with a smile. "Kong Yongyuan, you're mistaken. I've never regarded you highly."
His tone was full of contempt.
At this, a surge of killing intent erupted from Kong Yongyuan.
His eyes were filled with coldness. "You talk big, Shen Yu. I hope your spiritual energy is as tough as your mouth."
"Huh..."
A cold snort came, and confidence was evident in Shen Yu's eyes, as if he had some hidden trump cards.
Suddenly, there was a commotion all around!
Intellectual Duel!
The long-awaited intellectual duel had finally arrived!
"Old ox, damn, it's exciting!"
"Moo moo!"
Chen Xun and the big black ox watched with excitement, their melon seeds becoming more fragrant as they chewed. Finally, these geniuses stopped pretending to be aloof and actually spoke. This was what they most wanted to see.
On the fighting platform, the two became more and more dominant.
"Shen Yu, let's get down to business. I don't want to waste words with you."
"I have the same intention."
Boom!
As soon as the words fell, their momentum soared to the extreme, and a majestic magical power burst forth from their bodies.
A terrifying aura erupted, like a volcano.
The two clashed officially on the fighting platform, with thunderous roars resounding and waves surging!
The fluctuations on the fighting platform were astonishing, with flashes of light constantly appearing on the defensive barrier. Despite this, many nearby cultivators still retreated far away.
The two battled fiercely, and in the end, Kong Yongyuan had a few blood stains on his body.
There was a new round of battles.
Chen Xun and the big black ox watched with relish. The special effects were really good.
"Old ox, isn't it exciting? These are all real geniuses." he stretched his neck, unwilling to miss any details. "But this guy's thunder power is still a bit inferior to a Heavenly Tribulation."
"Moo~~!"
The big black ox watched even more seriously than Chen Xun; the cultivators were putting on a show for it again. If it weren't against the rules, it would have had to throw a couple of coins.
However, at this moment, there was another uproar from the other side, and geniuses descended from all directions in the sky with unparalleled momentum.
"Yu Dong, the young master of the Moyu Pavilion, has arrived!"
"The Unlingering Sect of the Top Ten Sects, Ning Wu, is also here!"
"Look, isn't that the Celestial Maiden of the Deep-Sea Sect, Si Luo?!"
"Amazing!"
"Moo~"
Many cultivators' eyes were on Si Luo, with a look of admiration and excitement in their eyes. Wearing a large red robe, she was charming and beautiful, unparalleled in beauty. However, her gaze was on the geniuses from all sides.
They stood on various fighting platforms, and the duel began to climax!
According to tradition, there was first the intellectual duel, then the martial duel.
Even the geniuses began to engage in verbal sparring, maximizing their hatred for each other.
Chen Xun and the big black ox couldn't keep up with their gazes, wanting to see both this and that, mainly interested in hearing the intellectual duels.
The romantic past, grudges, and loves of the various geniuses were all intertwined...