"Please make way." Frowning, Chen Xun shouted loudly as he ran by, leaving people surprised at his speed.
In the backyard of the smithery, the big black ox was tending the fire and boiling medicine. It didn't want Old Sun to die. The animal emitted low mooing sounds while moving its head.
On the bed, Sun Kaiyue was in a state of great physical decline. He was sometimes clear-headed, sometimes forgetful, but today his complexion was quite rosy.
He called Chen Xun and the big black ox into the room, and slowly sat up against the wall. Both man and ox looked at him with concern.
Laughing gently, Sun Kaiyue beckoned the big black ox, and patted it. He then smiled kindly. "I'm fine. Everyone has good and bad days."
"Old Sun, don't worry. I asked the city doctor, and he said that with daily medication, you can live for at least ten more years!"
Chen Xun confidently smiled and said, "We are very capable around here. With such a prosperous business booming everyday, we won't lack a silver."
"I still remember the first day you came to the smithery." Sun Kaiyue’s face wrinkled with a smile as he looked at Chen Xun. "You were like a rural boy, shouting and making a fuss."
Chen Xun forced a smile but did not respond.
"There's nothing much I can teach you. You've learned everything. From now on, I'll leave this shop to you."
Sun Kaiyue smiled faintly, holding Chen Xun's hand. "Save up the silver and find a wife. Don't spend it on some medicine.”
"Old Sun, you underestimate me. How much can these herbs cost?" Chen Xun waved his hand and said, "Didn’t you hear what I said? I already asked–"
"No need to comfort me. I know my own body." Sun Kaiyue let out a dry cough and interrupted Chen Xun. "I have something to give you."
He took out a manual from behind the pillow and weakly smiled. "My son went to seek immortality after reading this."
"Old Sun, I'm not interested in cultivating immortality." Chen Xun didn't care about the manual. "What I care about is living well."
"If only my son had your temperament… that would have been great." Sighing softly, Sun Kaiyue’s eyes drifted slightly to the manual. "I have nothing else to leave you. Just take it."
"Fine." Chen Xun nodded.
"And you, black ox…” He laughed gently and continued, “follow Chen Xun well." Sun Kaiyue looked at the big black ox with fondness. "I've seen so many beasts, but you are the most spiritual. Heaven has bestowed its blessings upon you; it will surely protect you both."
“Moo! Moo!” the animal’s head moved.
"Come on, Old Sun, don't talk like that. The doctor said the better your attitude, the longer you'll live."
Chen Xun held Sun Kaiyue’s hand. Feeling his cold, icy grip, a chilly feeling slowly rose in his own heart.
"Chen Xun, my boy."
"I'm here…."
"Thank you both."
Sun Kaiyue smiled warmly, deeply looking at Chen Xun and the big black ox, as if imprinting their faces in the depths of his mind, never to be forgotten.
“Go. I'll rest for a while."
"Okay. Old ox, let's go boil the medicine."
“Moo!”
Chen Xun and the big black ox hurried out and boiled the medicine according to the formula.
The next day, the cold wind blew, and countless yellow leaves fell from the plum tree outside the courtyard…. Sun Kaiyue had passed away in his room, departing with extraordinary tranquility.
On the street, the big black ox pulled a cart with a coffin on it, and Chen Xun pushed it from behind, their expression blank.
The people on the street all frowned and kept their distance, feeling the gloomy mood.
Chen Xun and the big black ox didn’t mind the looks thrown their way, slowly pushing the cart toward the outskirts of the city. They moved carefully, afraid of the slightest bump.
Chen Xun found a spot with good Feng Shui to bury Old Sun. The tombstone was inscribed with "The Tomb of Mentor - Sun Kaiyue."
The cold wind blew, and yellow leaves filled the air, creating a desolate atmosphere. Chen Xun paid his respects, bowed, then slowly walked back to the city with the big black ox. Their figures gradually disappeared.
Back at the blacksmith shop, Chen Xun sat in a daze for a long time, looking at Old Sun’s seat…. It was empty, reminding him of how the old man would never have a nap there anymore.
"You know, ox…. We should be happy."
"Moo?"
"If we weren’t here, what would have happened to Old Sun...? There wouldn't even be someone to handle his affairs after he's gone."
"Moo?"
"In these years, we've at least managed the smithery well. And Old Sun had been living happily, right?"
"Moo!"
"That's right! we've done a great thing. Let’s be happy. Haha!"
"Moo! Moo! Moo~"
Both Chen Xun and the big black ox were laughing and smiling, yet it if one looked closely, their laughs and smiles appeared to be more like crying. The shop gradually fell into silence again. If anything, Chen Xun seemed to have said these words to comfort himself.
"Ah!" A thought suddenly occurred to Chen Xun, prompting him to slap his forehead
"Moo?" The big black ox looked at him with a puzzled expression, wondering what was wrong.
"Old ox, we've been tricked." Chen Xun said firmly, "That doctor must have taken advantage of our anxiety and given us inflated prices for the medicinal herbs."
He suddenly felt regretful that he hadn't learnt any medical skills despite being skilled in various martial arts. In the small village, there were no qualified doctors, only some folk remedies for treating external injuries. He hadn't anticipated that he would encounter such a situation. It had slipped through his mind.
The big black ox was surprised and nudged Chen Xun, wondering why he didn't learn medical skills.
"Let's focus on blacksmithing and make money first. We still owe a lot of money to our neighbors this year."
The medical profession was quite profitable, and more importantly, traveling the world inevitably involved bumps and bruises. Learning medical skills was essential. Now that he had a new goal in mind, Chen Xun’s eyes burned with determination.
“Moo!” The big black ox's eyes sparkled with excitement.
It wondered if, after Chen Xun learned medical skills, he could treat illnesses by himself, and those people wouldn't have to die from illnesses anymore.
Seeing the approval in the big black ox's eyes, Chen Xun smiled. The gloom from earlier was swept away. Life was always full of unknowns and challenges; that's what made it exciting.
"Old ox, let's get to work!"
"Moo!"
The sounds of pounding and forging rang out in the blacksmith shop again.
Chen Xun had practiced his control over his strength using an ant colony in the smithery’s backyard. Now, Chen Xun had such control over his strength that he could strike down with precision of a hair's breadth, hitting only the ants’ little heads.
As a result, the anthill in the blacksmith shop suffered a great calamity, and the ants began to migrate as a group, leaving behind many headless bodies.
Chen Xun's smithery had gained a good reputation within several streets. The prices were fair, and the quality was excellent, which left the customers greatly satisfied.
And as Chen Xun’s name spread far and wide, many matchmakers came to propose marriage, unable to resist the allure of his chiseled abs and charming gaze.
To that, Chen Xun responded coldly, "After working in this forge for many years, my heart has grown cold, as cold as the hammer in my hand. Women would only slow down my forging speed."
Upon hearing this, countless young ladies despaired, thinking that this man truly lived up to their expectations. Even the way he spoke was so valiant and extraordinary.
Then, a year later, Chen Xun finally paid off his debts and accumulated some savings. He continued investing his immortal points into his speed.
One day at dawn, with only a few pedestrians on the street, they cleaned the shop and packed everything they needed. Hanging pots, pans, and utensils were stewed on both sides of the black ox.
"Old ox, we're leaving."
"Moo!"
They made sure they had the title deed, then closed off the shop. As long as they didn't sell it, they could come back and visit in the future.
Smiling softly, Chen Xun gave the street one last look. "Let's go."
"Moo! Moo!"
The big black ox happily called out. Chen Xun had promised to take it to buy wooden carvings today and release sky lanterns. Ceremonial moments were essential in life; otherwise, it would be too dull.
The sounds of the big black ox's harness and Chen Xun's footsteps faded away, gradually becoming distant.
As the sun rose, some people passed by Chen Xun's smithery, only to find it closed with no sign of him. They couldn't help but sigh, and lament that they should have spent more time with him.
However, for the most part, the smithery’s closure brought joy to the other nearby smitheries. They all celebrated together, and of course… raised their prices! They were definitely raising their prices!