Konstantin spent the morning walking with me through the northern woods. “The only large predator tracks were the giant weasels. You should be fine if you stay in my prescribed area.” He set some boundaries he thought I should not go past, about four miles from the northern walls of the Citadel. Then he left me.
I thought it was a ruse, so I was constantly on high alert, thinking Konstantin may be shadowing me. I started gathering some of the easy-to-find red mushrooms first. They were in season, and the sisters said they bloomed overnight and needed to be harvested within two days. If the gills underneath were black, they had already released their spores, making them useless. The mushrooms served as the base for the simple healing salve that was used to close wounds.
Next, I focused on the blood grass. Not only did I need to make sure to get the roots, but I also needed to not damage the leaves at all, or they were useless. According to the sisters, they oozed a runny red sap if the leaves were damaged. This sap was stored in the roots and needed to be fresh for the alchemist. Not damaging the roots was tricky, and storing the dirt with the plant was easier.
I continued digging, cutting, and harvesting well into the afternoon. I was near one of the well-trodden paths when the largest man I had ever seen was walking toward me with a deer on his shoulders. I stood up from behind a berry bush, and he paused. “Legionnaire,” he eventually said in a neutral greeting with a small nod. His voice was deep to go with his massive frame. He stood over seven feet easily, and his gray skin told me he was likely not human. He slowly scanned the woods around him, looking for others.
He did not pose as threatening. I cautiously nodded in greeting, “My name is Eryk, and I am out here harvesting herbs and shrooms.”
His eyebrow arched, while his crystal green eyes quickly observed that I had nothing to carry them in. I reached down behind a bush, and he tensed. I pulled the entire crate from my dimensional space, revealed it, and tilted it toward him to show the contents. He nodded slowly and dropped the deer on the ground with a thud. He wore mostly medium-brown leather clothing. He had a stained club at his waist and a quiver with six thick arrows. A large unstrung bow was on his back. “I mean no harm, legionnaire, unless you intend harm to me. I am retrieving my writ to hunt and trade.” His deep voice echoed in the woods.
I watched him carefully as he went to one of his pouches and retrieved a half sheet of worn parchment. He extended his arm, expecting me to take it. I carefully took the paper and stepped back. I read it while keeping my vision trained on him. The paper said the goliath, known as Maveith, was permitted to hunt and trade within the Sobral city woodlands. It had an official wax stamp that was now cracked and chipping. I noticed the date was fifteen years ago.
I looked up at the man, who looked larger every second, “This is over fifteen years old.”
In his deep voice, he responded, “It has no date of termination.”
I nodded and asked, “I thought the Telhians did not allow other races to live in the Empire?”
He cocked his bald head like a dog, “Is that so, legionarie. Your odd accent tells me you were not raised within the Empire.”
“A forced conscript,” I admitted. “But my mage company will be working the woodlands for the next six months.” I felt it prudent to let him know I worked for a mage. I carefully handed the parchment back to him.
“He cocked his head again, “I served the mage that lived in the Citadel for a time. We had an agreement before his passing,” he held up the parchment for a moment before returning it to his pouch. “All the wardens have the same agreement.”
“There are more of you?” I asked a little loudly, looking deep into the woods.
The giant gray-skinned man bellowed a massive laugh, “No legionnaire, there is only one Maveith. The other three men are humans like yourself.”
“Does the new Duchess know you are out here?” I asked the giant man.
“New Duchess? In Sobral City? I heard rumors from the city folk I trade with, but I can not confirm she knows of me. After the unpleasantness with the prior Baron, I prefer not to make myself known. Though, now it appears I have no other choice.” He heaved a heavy sigh.
I relaxed slightly, “What happened with the Baron?”
His gray-skin face hardened some, “He demanded half of all I hunted and foraged. Also, I was prohibited from selling or trading to any city folk.”
“I heard the Baron was a prick. What is a goliath?” I asked the man, indicating his race on his writ.
He was confused. “Prick? Like thorn? Yes, he could be described as a thorn.” The man was not stupid as he puzzled out my slang quickly. His voice got deeper as he continued, “Goliaths are from Stone Mountain Island. We live there and rarely travel. And you will ask, why am I here? Because I have chosen to be here, legionnaire.” His tone told me he did not want me to ask further questions on the topic.
“I will have to report your presence to my commander and the Duchess,” I added, ready to react if he became agitated. I could remove his heart in less than a breath.
The giant man cocked his head, considering, “Perhaps it is best that I return with you, and you make introductions for me if it must be done?” His face soured slightly, and he turned to the deer. “I can make this kill as an offering to the Duchess and see if she will honor my writ as it is written.”
I looked down at my crate and then at the goliath. He misunderstood, “I can carry your load, legionnaire. That way, I can not surprise you with an attack. Caution is wise around strangers.” There was humor in his deep tone as if he did not consider me a threat.
“Fine, you can lead the way,” I responded. He balanced the deer on his shoulders and picked up the crate that was small in his hands. After we walked for a while, I asked, “What are the dangers in these woods?”
The goliath replied immediately, “There are two giant weasel dens in the northeast. They mostly hunt at night. An ogre might wander into the region every year or so, and the wardens will band together to remove it.” He thought for a moment, “Ten years ago, there was an active and aggressive treant. It has since gone into hibernation and is best left undisturbed.”
“Why haven’t the wardens taken care of the weasels?” I asked.
“Balance legionnaire. The weasels hunt the weak, sickly animals and keep the predators in check by defending their territory. If their population expands to over a dozen, we may meet and decide to eliminate a pair in the next breeding season.” The goliath patiently explained.
The walls of the rear of the Citadel came into view. I waved at the only spotter in the rear tower. He must be familiar with the goliath as he did not sound an alarm. “Do you frequently travel to the city?”
“I usually trade with locals over there. Just one day a week,” he pointed to a tree clearing with an old crumbling stone structure. The area was visible from the Citadel’s archer’s perch in the tower, so they had probably seen the goliath trade every week. So why wasn’t the Duchess already aware?
When we reached the gate, the two guards were in clean uniforms and standing at attention. “Halt legionnaire. The half-giant is not allowed inside the Citadel grounds.” The man gripped his spear tightly and moved to a readiness footing.
“I see you are being trained. Maveith here,” I inclined my head to the goliath, “Is a goliath and not half-giant. He is here to speak with the Duchess.”
The guard looked at his companion and seemed unsure. He pulled out his whistle and blew two times in low key. The two guards from the inner bailey came out, followed by Adrian. Adrian’s face on seeing the goliath was priceless. Shock, curiosity, and apprehension were playing on it.
I spoke as no one else seemed able to for the moment, “Adrian, this is Maveith. He served as a warden in the woods for the mage that used to govern from the Citadel. He hopes to renew his writ with the Duchess.”
Maveith intoned deeply with agitation, “My writ has no expiration, legionnaire.”
“This is Adrian, one of the leaders of my mage company. I am sure he can handle your request,” I smiled at Adrian. Maveith put down the crate with my harvest.
Adrian rolled his eyes, “You two,” he pointed at two guards with spears. “Flank the guest and follow me.” He looked at me, a slight twinkle in his eye, “On your own for a single day and already bringing home strays, Eryk.” He looked at my harvest, “Take care of that, and then find me in the Citadel. I will bring Maveith to Castile and the Duchess to review his writ.”
I picked up my crate and went to visit the sisters. I only got three silver for half a day’s work, but it was something. The sisters also told me of the other places in the city that would purchase certain things from the woods. I walked slowly back to the Citadel, stopping for a quick meal at a tavern. I got many looks from being in legion armor, and no one talked to me beyond ordering the food. I returned to the Citadel, and finding the group did not take long. They were in the dining hall with Maveith seated on a bench since a chair was too small. Castile, Adrian, and Duchess Veronica were in chairs.
“Is this your scout that brought the goliath to my Citadel?” The Duchess asked.
Castile responded, “Yes, this is my porter and scout, Eryk.” The Duchess took me in twice before returning her gaze to the others. I wondered if Lareen had already told her about me learning a new spell form.
The Duchess was considering something, and they waited while she thought, “I agree that the terms are fair. I will want the other wardens to swear to me.” Maveith intoned something in a strange language, and the Duchess nodded. She stood and left the table.
Castile had a small smirk after the large doors were shut, “Maveith, you and your fellow wardens will be reporting to Konstantin and Eryk here. Your writ remains valid, and your coin will be three silver a week.” The goliath relaxed, and the bench groaned under his weight.
She looked at me, “Eryk, this warden, and the others are in the employ of the Duchess now. They will only be reporting what happens in the woods north of the Citadel and are not expected to fight. Go with Maveith, and he will introduce you to the other wardens. Make sure they understand their obligations.”
Maveith stood and intoned, “Come, legionnaire, I will host you tonight in my cabin.”
“My name is Eryk,” I replied to the large gray-skinned. “Or do you prefer I call you Goliath?”
“Call me what you will,” he said, unconcerned. “I still have my daily chores to finish before nightfall and do not wish to linger in your human city.”
I was a little worried about being sent away with an unknown—monstrosity. I looked at Castile a little pleadingly, “What if the goliath decides he is hungry and eats me in my sleep?”
Maveith chuckled at my words, “Don’t worry, legionnaire, human flesh tastes bitter to me.”
Castile ended the humorous argument, “Goliaths are known to be an honorable people, Eryk. I doubt he has ever even tried the flesh of a human.”
Maveith grumbled a deep laugh, “Never assume something, mage.” I think he was joking and just saying that to needle me.
Adrian finally spoke, hiding his own grin, “We will avenge you if you fall, Eryk.” But he was smiling, too, at my discomfort. I guess I missed the conversation they had before I arrived, where the trust had been established. “Eryk, take Maveith to the storeroom. He is allowed to take what he can carry as part of his bonus.”
“I am assuming he can carry a lot?” I said, looking at the massive humanoid. “And where is the storeroom?”
They called a servant to bring us there. I was a little surprised to be sent off with a strange goliath. I wished I had had some time to ask why to Adrian or Castile. As we walked to the storeroom, “Do not worry, legionnaire. I will keep you from harm in the scary woods.”
“Who is going to protect you from me?” I replied off-handidly. He just laughed, scaring the servant with his baritone.
“I like you, legionnaire. We are going to have fun,” he said as we descended stone steps. He barely cleared the doorway. The storeroom was full of just foodstuffs. Maveith took a small cask of cooking oil, two large bags of flour, four racks of salted ribs, and a large bag of dried peppercorns. He seemed satisfied even though he could carry more.
“Did you trade the deer for these supplies?” I asked as we left.
“Mostly. That and the promise to help serve as the forerunner for your company placing the markers. I also have to convince the other wardens to help, and that is why you are coming.” The large man said as we left the Citadel gates.
We walked in silence for a time as the goliath tried to get his awkward burden comfortable. I could have carried it all for him, but presently, I thought it wise to continue to let him underestimate me. After an hour, we finally did start talking….