Chapter 124 A Woman Can Not Keep a Secret
Boris had essentially challenged me in front of everyone. I looked to Castile, who had been uncomfortable with the whole display, and now she even wore a frown. I looked back at Adrian and Delmar, and neither offered me help dealing with the First Citizen.
First Citizen Boris had the unmistakable smile of someone who thought they were better than you. He walked out onto the sand while I sheathed my new black blade. Boris spoke again, “That sword you claimed is a family heirloom. The First Captains of our Citadel guard wielded it for centuries. My grandfather told me it was a gift from a third Emperor to his great grandfather.”
I had a feeling this was set up, and I was waiting for him to get to his point. “I will keep it safe and return it after our exploration of the elven ruins,” I said cautiously.
He smiled like a snake oil salesman, “Perhaps while you have my family’s blade in your care, I can hold something of yours in case you do not return?” And there it was. I looked to Castile, who had a dark look on her face directed at Boris. Lareen was conveniently behind one of the large chairs on the stage, and her back was turned to me. I looked for any support or clue on what to do.
Duchess Veronica spoke, “I gave Mother a fair price for the blade, Boris. It is not yours to barter with.” Boris ground his teeth at his sister’s remark and being interrupted.
“Fine. I still wish to practice with the legionnaire; perhaps he would care for a bet on the outcome? Something of equal value to this?” I sensed this First Citizen was not too bright as he was making things up after his original plan failed. He drew his sword. The blade reminded me of Delmar’s dungeon-made long blade. The blade shimmered in the light of the fading sun, appearing to ripple like water.
Boris’ mother, Countess Asella, barked, “Boris, no.” Her voice was laced with anger. “He has nothing of worth to match it! And that blade is still mine until you take my seat as Count.” Her anger seemed genuine, so I did not sense she was party to this sham.
“But he does, mother. This legionnaire has a dreamscape amulet,” he announced to everyone present.
I heard Benito ask someone loudly, “What is a dreamscape amulet?” My eyes were focused on Castile, whose eyebrows showed surprise as she locked eyes on me in question. Lareen was now missing from the stage entirely, hiding from my irate gaze. Whispers started running through the crowd, trying to figure out what a dreamscape amulet was. My companions seemed just as perplexed at the unfolding events.
Boris’s grin split his face at the commotion he had caused, thinking he had scored a victory. The Countess was weighing something in her mind. He spun in a circle as he spoke so everyone could hear him, like a showman at a circus, “As I told you last night, Mother, a dreamscape amulet is a dungeon artifact allowing you to control your dreams. You can practice with swords, read a book, fight monsters, or fuck every woman you ever met in whatever manner pleases you!”
The Countess finished her internal deliberations and gave him a small nod to approve the bet. “I refuse,” I stated flatly. “The duel and the wager.” I turned my back on Boris and walked back to the company. They seemed half curious about the amulet and smirking at my dismissal of the First Citizen.
Mateo intercepted me, and asked as I reached the group, “Where did you find a dreamscape amulet, Eryk? Sounds like it would be, uh, educational. Can I try it?”
Behind me, Boris had not given up and turned his attention to the platform, “Mage Castile, surely you would not deny me a friendly contest and wager!? I wish to fight your company champion!”
Castile grimaced. I knew she hated dealing with First Citizens and did not hide this fact on her face as she stood. Castile walked off the stage and past the haughty Boris to join the company. She came straight at me and walked past me, and I moved to join her to talk together in private. “Do you really have it? A dreamscape amulet?”
I considered my reply for just a moment and admitted, “Yes.”
“Interesting,” she said, considering and with no anger showing. “That is how you have been studying and learning your spell forms so quickly. Did you steal it from Durandus? Or take it from a corpse of one of the Bartiradians?” She questioned.
“No, I had it before Macha,” I replied quietly.
Castile nodded slowly, her mind working, “Then it is your possession. Unless—the dungeon?” Castile was too smart for her own good. I nodded subtly, not denying it. She coughed, seemingly amused. She shook her head in disbelief while in consideration.
“Well, do not tell anyone you took it from a dungeon while in my Mage Company. The Empire has the right of purchase, especially from a legionnaire conscript.” She looked at the smug Boris, waiting impatiently, “He cannot force you to fight. As a First Citizen, he could try to force you to sell it to him, but I doubt he has enough gold to buy it if it does what he says.” She thought for a moment, “Veronica told me a little about her older brother Boris. He is spiteful. If he can’t get the amulet, he will spread the word you have it to others.”
“Castile, what should I do?” I sought her advice in a pleading tone. I was not giving the First Citizen prick my amulet.
Castile looked over her shoulder at Boris who was playing to the small crowd. “Do you think you can win? You have improved greatly, but Boris is an accomplished swordsman. He practices three hours every morning in the courtyard and has fought in dozens of competitions.”
“Can I use my spell form? Does he have a spell form?” I asked quietly.
“He does. Veronica said he can harden his skin and can enhance his strength. He is no mage, of that I am sure,” she informed me.
“Then yes, I can win,” I replied confidently. Lareen didn’t know I had the air shield, so that meant Boris didn’t know either.
“You will be making an enemy,” she cautioned. “Your amulet is no longer a secret either.” I shrugged as the whole company knew now anyway. Not that I was planning to let them use it.
The tale has been stolen; if detected on Amazon, report the violation.
“I will talk with the First Citizens with your permission to get everything formalized,” Castile waited till I nodded. She went to the platform, and the Duchess, Countess, and Boris convened with Castile. Boris was confident as he waved his hand to rush the conversation. He had watched me fight and probably thought he had a good measure of my ability.
It took almost twenty minutes and some time to write things out formally after that. Castile finally announced the duel with the Duchess holding the parchment with the conditions. The crowd’s anticipation was about to be quenched as Castile spoke, “First Citizen Boris and Legionnaire Eryk have agreed to a duel. The first person incapacitated or yielding will be deemed the loser. The winner will take both prizes with them.” Castile smirked, “Duchess Veronica will hold the prizes during the contest.”
Boris turned his head abruptly, realizing he would not be fighting with his runic weapon. Castile had out-maneuvered the not-so-bright Boris. It also meant I needed to take the amulet out of my space and hand it over to the Duchess. Boris agreed after a short argument before sending a runner for another weapon.
I walked and reluctantly handed the amulet to Castile, who brought it to the Duchess, who started studying the artifact intently while we waited. I was worried she might try to use it, but she didn’t fall asleep in her chair before placing it down.
A guard from the countess’ men came rushing in and drew his blade for the First Citizen. The blade was another runic weapon but had a dull polish, and I guessed a runic blacksmith had forged it. Boris swung the new blade twice and seemed content. He moved to meet me in the center of the sand, his confidence still evident.
Castile looked at both of us, “Acknowledge you are both ready.” I tapped my blade on the shield. I would have used the black blade, but it was a few inches longer than what I was accustomed to. Boris tapped his sword on his shield, and I frowned, realizing it also had runic patterns, and thought I might have made a mistake. “Begin!” Castile said, backing away.
Boris started to circle me, and I did likewise. The men of the company were getting loud, and their support had quite an array of colorful words. I circled faster and created an arc of windshields around the unsuspecting Boris. Boris’ skin got darker as he turned to follow my movement. My biggest advantage was the air shields were only visible to me. When they were at his back, I stepped forward, and he prepared to receive my attack.
Instead, I just added more air shields, boxing him in. This was one of Konstantin’s ideas, but he was not here to take credit for it. It was too late when he realized the trap as Boris felt the first air shield at his elbow. His confidence evaporated as he searched for movement as I narrowed his confinement before the shields dissapated.
I set the air shields off the ground, just above his knee to over his head. He worked his runic weapon into an air shield, trying to destroy the invisible shields while I swung in an arc low at his feet. He jumped to avoid the swipe, but his head met another shield I had placed over his head. My sword slashed his shin but barely penetrated. He really did have magically hardened skin.
I had thought my first strike would have ended the fight. I slashed again as he destroyed the first air shield, giving him an escape route. However, this time, I cut deeper. My third strike targeted his Achilles. I did not get much penetration on the tendon, but it was enough as he went to one knee.
Although I had tried to tune out the noise, Adrian’s command voice reached me through the shouts, “Do not let up till he yields, Eryk!” Boris had produced a potion and was going to drink it. I could see the gaps in my shields that would expire soon, and I lunged forward to stab the Boris in the ribs. The tip of my blade barely entered four inches into him, and I could feel it grating on bone as it reached the liver. I yanked the sword sideways, cutting his organs. The sudden pain caused Boris to drop the potion and his sword while his mother screamed for someone to help him. My adrenaline started to fade, and the crowd noises returned.
Castile declared, “Boris is incapacitated. Do you agree, Countess?”
“Heal him!” She yelled at the old healer in the crowd, ignoring Castile.
I removed my blade, and blood oozed from the wound as Boris clutched at it. Dark blood flowed, and the old man kneeled to help. Castile interrupted, “Boris, do you yield?” Boris nodded, his eyes slightly glassy. Castile nodded, and the burnt healer started sweating as he forced aether painfully through himself to heal Boris.
I waited while the healer struggled after closing the wound. I had probably damaged more than the liver, and the healer was already very low on aether from helping men in the company today. Castile picked up the potion and fed it to Boris. His complexion went from pale to slightly pink. It was a full healing potion so I knew he would live.
A few minutes later, Boris stood; the old healer could not and was clearly in a lot of pain from using too much aether in his burnt channels. Mateo and Felix came to help the healer stand and assisted to a bench to sit. Mateo hissed as he passed me carrying the healer, “Amazing Eryk! I still want to try your amulet.”
Borris was angry as he regained himself, “I did not concede! Or request outside assistance! The fight is still in process!”
Castile shook her head, hiding a smug expression from Boris, “The Countess was a signed proxy. She called for outside assistance, and it was given. First Citizen Boris, the contest is over.”
Duchess Veronica could not hide her own smirk, “Brother, this is my Citadel, and I rule you lost by the terms written. The prizes belong to the legionnarie.”
Boris fumed and stormed away, seeing he would not get any assistance from his sister. The Duchess was clearly happy with the outcome, and her brother being embarrassed. Castile was right in that I had made an enemy today. Maveith’s huge hand clapped me on the back, causing me to stumble toward it. Soon, I was surrounded by men of the company, receiving congratulations and praise. I forced my way past them to the platform to get my prizes, sending the amulet to storage and picking up Boris’ dungeon blade.
Duchess Veronica looked down at me, smiling, “That was an interesting means of achieving victory. I congratulate you on a well-earned victory and prizes.”
Countess Asella approached furiously, “He cannot keep the blade, Veronica. Have him return it immediately!”
I looked between the mother and daughter, each of them challenging the other with lighting stares. I would probably be made a target if I carried a runic weapon like that. I addressed Duchess Veronica, “Are the black blade and Boris’ blade equal in value? Could I trade you Boris’ blade for the black one to keep?”
I knew I was getting the worst end of this deal, but I would end up with a runic blade either way. I was thinking the aged black blade was fairly inconspicuous compared to the shiny dungeon blade. Castile eyed the Duchess as she considered a response. They had formed a good relationship, and the Duchess was not going to ruin it, “I agree to your terms. The dungeon blade is twice the value. Would you accept both blades?” She indicated the orc-forged blade that was intended for Brutus. Castile nodded approvingly at me, and I took it that was a fair trade.
I placed picked up the other blade and left Boris’ blade on the stage. I guess that blade now belonged to Duchess Veronica. The fireworks between the Countess and Duchess were not over, and I tried to retreat. Mateo asked me again to borrow the amulet. “Just for one night, Eryk.”
“You need to be able to channel aether to use it, Mateo,” I told him, walking past. Of course, someone else could probably activate it for him, but I was not certain of that. Mateo frowned. I passed Adrian and told him, “I will be in the northwest tower getting some rest.” I was happy Maveith was on my heels. I was sure he would be a deterrent to mischief by Boris until we left in the morning for the ruins.
I did not head directly to the tower. Instead, I veered off and went to the library. I wanted to talk with Scholar Favian about some elven potions and daggers.