We rode through the gates of the city just before sunset. I had tempered my healing so my aches and pains would not need to be faked. Adrian registered our travel with the gate guards, and then we moved into the city. Adrian handed out orders. “Lucien and Blaze, go to the public baths. Do not head to Legion Hall until you at least smell bearable. Lucien, report the ettin kill at the Legion Hall.”
Lucien groaned, “That is right, the Legion Hall in Forgabua does not have baths.”
Adrian turned to me, “Eryk, go get a bunk room in the Legion Hall for you, Mateo, and Lucien. See if they have another horse we can borrow. I will take Decimus to an inn and stay with him tonight.”
Blaze asked, “Why don’t we all just stay at the inn? It would be more comfortable than the Hall.” He sounded hopeful.
Adrian considered, “Are you offering to pay legionnaire?” He leaned in close, “I am staying with him to ensure he does not change his mind about serving the Duchess. However, inns in the upper city should cost around two to three gold for five rooms. Still interested?”
Blaze countered, “Why does it have to be the upper city? An inn by the outer wall is just as good—and cheaper.”
“Because first thing in the morning, I am visiting the local Scholarium to recruit a Scholar for the Duchess,” Adrian replied slickly. “You all can wait for me in the Legion Hall.” Adrian trotted into the city smugly. I couldn’t blame him. Whenever I almost got myself killed, I wanted to pamper myself a bit too.
Lucien patted Blaze on the shoulder, “Let’s try and get the giant stink off of us and log the silver with the Legion Hall.”
“You don’t get to keep it?” I asked, confused as we parted ways.
“We do, but best to pay the taxes on it. Especially since we have to exchange the stamped merchant silver. We don’t want the Empire thinking we robbed some merchants,” Lucien commented.
It took me asking two people, a baker and then a wool merchant, to find the Legion Hall. I should have assumed it was near the Citadel. The Legion Hall was wood and reminded me more of a church on the outside. A high steeple challenged the Citadel to be the tallest building in the city.
The stables were in a secure courtyard in the back, and no one was available to help. I unsaddled Atlas, rubbed him down, laid hay in the stall, and filled his water trough from the well. I gave him an apple and hoped after the long, hard ride he could get some needed rest.
Entering the Legion Hall, it was a massive room with a high ceiling. The massive wooden posts supporting the structure were carved all the way to the ceiling. It was just like a church without the pews and large stained glass windows. I passed a few men lounging in padded chairs, their sweat stink lingering. The clerk at the desk waived me over, “Yes, legionnaire?”
“Three from Castile’s company for the night on Duchess Veronica’s business,” he quickly noted it down. I asked, “Have there been any monster attacks in the area recently?”
He looked from his book with a sour expression, “Always,” he said deadpan.
“Unusual activity,” I probed.
He gave it more thought, “A wyvern in Alhao and some manticores near Parvas. Are you tracking anything in particular?”
“No, we just encountered an ettin on the road from Lorvo. One of my companions will do the formal report.” I replied.
“An ettin? Are you sure? That is a two-headed giant,” the clerk said doubtfully.
I held up my hand and counted slowly, “One, two, yep, definitely two heads.” The clerk soured, and my attempt at humor was obviously over his head. As was my patience for his lack of belief in my statement. Lucien could handle the report. He directed me to the east wing of the facility, the second floor. The first floor was a kitchen staffed by a half dozen old women. They were cleaning up from dinner. I ordered meals for Lucien, Blaze, and myself before heading up to the barracks room.
The barracks room had forty bunks and windows down the back courtyard. None of the bunks were occupied. There were plenty of blankets, no pillows. I dropped my saddle bags and pack and made up a bed by the window. The courtyard had a dozen legionnaires practicing with spears and swords under bright glow stones. The sun had set, and I hoped their practice would end soon. Then maybe the clerk had put us here because of the noise. I guess I should have been friendlier.
I collected the meals in the kitchen and brought them up to the bunk room. It was some type of shepherd’s pie. The beverage was a weak wine that was fruity. I finished eating and was wondering what was taking Blaze and Lucien so long. The clang of sword and spear on a shield was getting annoying as I lay on the thin hemp mattress. I went to the window and watched them from above.
The group was a mage company as their young mage was watching their training, and the legionnaires all looked fresh in shiny metal armor. Since they had metal armor, it meant these were all volunteers and not conscripts. Brutus and Flavius were volunteers, and I was surprised they were still in our company.
I used my healing to make sure I was all healed up and headed down to the practice yard with my shield and sword. I considered heading to the baths but would wait until Lucien and Blaze arrived. Twenty legionnaires and the mage commander were spread out in the yard. One of the lieutenants approached, “Legionnaire, are you here to train?”
I thought that was obvious, but I nodded, “We are passing through on an escort mission for a Duchess. My companions are at the baths, and I can not sleep with all the racket.”
He looked up at the barracks window and back at me. He spoke softly, “Sorry about that. Mage Sylvester is new and was assigned to this city after two other mage companies were pulled for the eastern border. He does not have a lot of experience. I am Xavier,” he extended, and we clasped wrists.
He turned and indicated to the company, “The other lieutenant is Solomon. We both were assigned to the new mage, and he had us training the men non-stop. He doesn’t understand half the things we fight are not human.”
“I am Eryk, can we spar then?” I asked. I was more interested in adding more variety to the dreamscape amulet.
He grimaced, “I was the sword champion of my legion class six years ago. Perhaps you would prefer a less experienced opponent?”
“No,” I started to apply the wrap to my blade. He just nodded and did likewise. I noticed his blade was too shiny as he wrapped, so I assumed it was an artificed blade like Adrian and Konstantin. We soon faced off; he was quicker than me and just as strong. He scored six successive hits, but I got a feel for his style.
He then completely changed his style, a grin forming on his face. “I grew up in a count’s household. I have held a sword since I was five,” he deflected my blade with his shield.
I would have been frustrated if I was not intent on studying him. He was better than Konstantin, well, more refined anyway. He had less wasted movement and planned his moves well in advance. It was not long before we were both sweaty. I could see he was tiring as the one advantage I seemed to have was superior fitness. Xavier paused the exchanges to get a drink, “Don’t you ever slow down?” He drained his canteen.
“I only picked up a sword for the first time seven months ago,” I replied, taking a ladle of water nearby.
“Seven months? Never would have guessed. You are better than everyone here with the exception of Solomon and myself,” Xavier complimented me.
Two of his men overheard and disagreed, “Let us have at him then? Why keep the conscript all to yourself, Xavier?”
I shrugged and faced them, “If I defeat you two, then let me train with the master swordsman.”
The first man telegraphed his attacks as clear as day. I easily blocked his attack with my shield and knocked his forehead with the butt of my sword. The loud crack knocked him out, and he collapsed. “Shit!” I said nervously.
Then I remembered there was healing magic. Mage Sylvester came over and kneeled before his unconscious man. “It is fine. I have some lesser healing magic. He was sloppy with his footwork. I am Mage Sylvester, and Xavier did not mention that I have beaten him more than once in combat.”
“You are a fair swordsman, Mage Sylvester. But without your magic tricks, you would lose to me every time,” Xavier countered his claim with a grin. Sylvester healed the concussion, and the embarrassed man walked away. The other man did not seem willing to remind me he wanted to challenge me.
“I was enjoying watching you two. The conscript is a fast learner. Did I hear you say seven months?” The mage commander questioned.
Nodding, I answered, “Yes, but I have some competent teachers in Castile’s company.”
Sylvester looked surprised, “Mage Castile? Heard about her humiliation in Macha. Though, can not say I am sad to hear of Durandus’ death.”
I held my tongue in defending Castile as I was not sure how the mage would respond. “Durandus got himself killed. Castile had nothing to do with it.”
“I have no contention with Mage Castile. Who are you escorting for a Duchess?” Sylvester asked.
“You must have a spell form for listening,” I surmised. He had been on the other side of the courtyard when Xavier and myself had talked.
The mage put on a genuine smile, “How observant of you. Xavier took almost a week to figure it out. Please continue with swordplay.” He stepped back and did not press the issue of who I was escorting for a Duchess. I was glad of that as this was the first time I interacted with another mage company. I did not want to give away things I shouldn’t.
I spent the next two hours practicing with Xavier, never using my air shield. Xavier was good, and I kept healing his bruising strikes on me. It was getting late into the night, and everyone was exhausted. I even got some glancing strikes on Xavier as he fatigued. Mage Sylvester called, “That is enough for tonight. We patrol the eastern road tomorrow after mid-day meal!” The exhausted men almost collapsed.
“Thank you for your time,” Xavier said while wiping his face of crusted salt. “Truthfully, I did not expect much from a conscript. You have to be one of the toughest men I have practiced with in a while.”
“What he means by that is you can take a beating,” Solomon interrupted. “Just glad it was not me.” Xavier and Solomon left together to talk about their men.
I went up to the barracks rooms to find a sleeping Blaze. He stirred on seeing me, “We just got in. Had to wait for our clothes to be boiled in lye and dried. Lucien brought the horses over and will file the report for the ettin.” I pointed to the cold dinner, and Blaze said, “Thanks, but we ate at the baths.”
Lucien came into the room, “All set. They are going to send out a patrol to confirm, but word was sent to the Legatus Legonis office. The Hounds will probably be sent to see if they can find where it came from. Good news, Eryk, I have your share of the silver.” He tossed me a small cloth bag. “Nine gold, six silver.”
“Is Adrian getting anything?” I asked, moving the small pouch to my space.
“No, but he will always drink for free when I am around,” Lucien said, and Blaze nodded. “You were both ready to sacrifice yourselves so we could get away.”
I did not contradict them. I nodded and asked, “Any baths opened this late?”
Blaze chuckled, “They closed the baths when we entered. Should be baths on the other side of the city, but traveling the streets in the dark…” He left it unsaid.
I sighed, stripped, and took a prone position on the bed, rolling a blanket for a pillow. When my companions put out the lights, I removed the amulet. I wondered how Xavier would fair against Konstantin in the dreamscape.