Benito had bet the others that Castile and I had an intimate evening together. Konstantin had not been part of the bet, but by the look on his face, I needed to give him an explanation.
Since they would see my wind barriers eventually, I went with that, “Castile was helping me to learn a new spell form. She was also showing me how to replenish my aether faster as well.”
Benito’s mouth hung open, looking at me like I had betrayed him. He slowly handed a silver coin to Pavel and then to Benito. Now that the awkwardness had passed, Konstantin took charge of the situation, “Get some sleep. We will go and get our gold from the Adventurer’s Guild in the morning.”
I lay down and quickly fell asleep. My dreams were marred by nightmares of having to defend the walls of Maca from an army of storm giants and then being enslaved by them to dig out their lost city in the swamps. I tossed and turned most of the night, waking numerous times, but the dream remained the same.
In the morning, Konstantin, who had long been up, directed us all to suit up and wait in a small private dining room. Castile joined us, cleaned and looking healthier. Konstantin brought up breakfast from the kitchens. They were similar to the stuffed rolls we had yesterday but had different spices today. We had a chilled berry wine with almost no alcohol in it. We consumed the food in silence.
After we finished, everyone was waiting for either Konstantin or Castile to speak. Benito, the idiot he was, asked, “Mage Castile, are you teaching Eryk a new spell?”
Castile’s eyebrows arched, and she looked at me. Benito was still sore at losing two silver. Castile offered a tight smile, “He is working a new spell form, not a new spell. Only mages can cast spells.” Benito deflated as Castile confirmed my story, and his silver was lost.
Konstantin spoke, “The others will be here from Caranhagan in two days. We are all going to the Adventurer’s Guild this morning to collect our coin.” He looked at us, “I suggest you get your coin and transfer it to your family or deposit it in the Imperial Reserve. You do not want to walk around the city with that much gold.”
Castile tapped her finger softly on the table, thinking before she spoke, “I have received our next assignment. We are going to be guarding a team surveying the Duchess Victoria’s lands in the Sobral province. It is a six-month assignment.”
Konstantin paused his drink to his lips. His eyes looked like he expected this, but his voice had confusion in it, “The province is less than one thousand square miles. Why so long?”
Castile shook her head, “The Duchess’s province is new, and she wants to make sure the borders are clearly marked. A white marble stone will be anchored every one hundred yards along her border.”
Benito pipped up, “Well, that sounds like a great assignment. We just need to guard a bunch of wagons full of stones?”
Konstantin looked at Castile, who did not look happy. “I am guessing we are going to be the ones digging the holes,” Konstantin noted to Castile’s dismayed nods.
Castile explained, “From what I understand, the Duchess’ province is mostly useless. She has just one city on the Aganterao River, a few dozen farms, and some small lumber camps. Most of her lands are wild. I do not know the threat level of the creatures, but the main concern will be from the other Dukes not liking where the markers are being placed.”
Konstantin nodded, finished his cup, and said seriously, “Land disputes are never fun, especially at the ducal level. Do we at least have an Imperial surveyor with us?”
Castile thought for a moment and then pulled the letter from inside her cloak and read it, “It just says to meet the surveyor in Sobral city. My guess is there will be no Imperial Surveyor.”
Konstantin grunted, “I suggest we double up on supplies then.”
Castile grimaced, “My Imperial Reserve accounts have been seized to cover the Empire’s losses in Macha from our early retreat. Also, I can no longer draw reinforcements for the company for ten years unless I fall below the minimum company strength of twelve.”
Konstantin barked, “Well, that is dragon shit. We are not a Displacement Mage Company! Do we need to buy our own replacement gear?” His anger was rising, and veins stood out on his neck.
Castile nodded slowly, “Old gear can be exchanged at no cost, but new gear will be charged to your legionnaire debt.” She exhaled slowly, “Do not worry, I still have the gold from the dungeon discovery and will cover new gear. And I can purchase healing potions from the Guild.”
Benito asked, “I thought the Adventurer’s Guild does not operate in the Empire?”
Castile shrugged, “They have a few Halls in the larger cities or near dungeons, but generally, the Empire will send out the Hounds or a Mage Company for monster threats. Still, the Adventurer’s Guild is the expert on dungeons. The Emperor allows them, for that reason, to siphon off essences and artifacts from their efforts in a dungeon rather than risk his forces inside dungeons.”
Konstantin added, “There is also the Guild War. About a thousand years ago, the Empire tried to throw the Adventurer’s Guild out of the Telhian Empire. The adventurers banded together and joined the Empire’s enemies. Only after losing half of its territory did the Emperor agree to allow the Adventurer’s Guild back with the stipulation they never attacked the Empire again. The Empire had to concede the monitoring and management of dungeons within its territory to the Guild as part of the treaty.”
Castile added, “The Empire does keep tight control of the essences and artifacts coming out of dungeons. The only place to sell them is in an Adventurer’s Hall. Then the Empire will usually swoop in and purchase them.”
Castile stood, “Enough discussion. We need to prepare for the company’s arrival and a river voyage to the Sobral province.”
We followed Castile to the street and formed a protective box around her as Konstantin led us to the Adventurer’s Hall. The civilians moved out of our way, just not as enthusiastically as they had when I walked with the Chancellor yesterday.
The Adventurer’s Hall was a single-story building in the lower city near the southern gate, about as far from the palace as you could get and still be within the city walls. When we entered the room, it reminded me of a Legion Hall, minus the legionaries. A number of men and a few women sat eating and drinking or playing table games. They did not look happy to see us.
Castile stepped forward and went to the counter, “Mage Commander Castile here to collect the discovery reward for a dungeon.” The man behind the desk was grizzled with massive forearms and made a show of slowly pulling a large book and slowly paging through it.
He looked up at Castile, “Seventeen hundred and five gold and eighty-eight silver and fourteen copper.” He motioned for a man sitting in the common room. The man left his drink to join us.
The man was clean-shaven and introduced himself, “I am Guildmaster Icarus. I have the truth spell. If you will confirm that you are, in fact, Mage Commander Castile Duval.”
“I am,” Castile said sharply. After her experience with the Imperial Truthseekers, I guessed she had no love for any of their ilk.
The grizzled man received a nod from the Gulidmaster, “It will take a moment to create your voucher.” The man left the counter, and another man took his place. Konstantin went forward to repeat the process, and instead of creating a voucher, the guild master counted out seven large gold, five small gold, and sixty-eight silver coins for Konstantin. The smaller amount was more manageable to pay out directly.
I was next in line and confirmed my name as Eryk Marco. I received the same amount of coin as Konstantin. I put it into a pouch, then under my armor, and then moved it into my dimensional storage. Konstantin noticed, and I think he thought about giving me his coin but held it. The men and women in the Hall were taking too much interest in the exchange at the counter. When everyone had their coin, the man came out of the back with a stamped bar. Castile took and led us out of the Hall.
On exiting the Hall, Duke Octavian and four of his legionaries were waiting for us. He had a smile on his face, “Mage Castile! So interesting to see you in the lower city and at the Adventurer’s Hall no less! I heard this amazing tale from First Citizen Justin Cicero just the other day. You had discovered a new dungeon? That is remarkable! I hope you are not planning to hold onto the reward gold. Your release was contingent on all funds being seized.”
Even behind Castile, I could feel the fury oozing off her. The Duke motioned one of his men forward, and they took the stamped bar from her hand. They handed the bar to the Duke, and he inspected it and frowned, “Where is the rest of it?”
A voice from behind us had the Duke look up, “That is all the coin she received after your Empire taxes, Duke Octavian.” It was the Guildmaster Icarus. The Duke narrowed his eyes at the Guildmaster. He then looked at each of us, and realization spread that Castile had divided the spoils among her men. We remained next to Castile in support as the Duke fumed. The Duke turned abruptly and left with his legionaries.
Konstantin muttered, “What a pixie prick.”
Benito asked, “So, does this mean we will not receive our weekly pay?”
Castile snapped, “You can collect it in the Legion Hall, Benito. That is where I will be.” She walked off alone.
Konstantin looked at Benito, “You need to learn when to keep that thing shut. It is only good for eating and pleasuring your woman. Castile paid you extra coin on top of your Legion pay from her own pockets. You will get your five silver, forty coppers weekly.” Benito looked a bit flustered and eventually moved off with Pavel and Linus to care for his coin. I was left with Konstantin.
“Eryk, I am headed to the Merhcant’s Hall to send these funds to family. You are welcome to join me,” Konstantin waited on me.
“Do they have tablet readers in the Adventurer’s Guild,” I asked, looking back at the building.
Konstantin looked at me, “Probably. Never been in one for more than a moment before. You would probably have to join the Guild, though.”
“I can do that? Even being a legionnaire?” I asked Konstantin.
“There is no law against it. A number of legionaries join after they finish their term.” Konstantin studied me as I thought. I slowly turned and walked back into the building.