Cornelius’ men moved out to serve as a screen as we moved into the woodlands. I moved close enough to overhear Cornelius and Konstantin talking at the rear. “…can not seriously think this failure is the fault of Castile. The Duke’s army was to attack as soon as the Bartiradians set up camp outside the gates.”
Cornelius had a softer voice than Konstantin, and I strained to hear, “That is why I was sent, as a favor, Konstantin. My three best squads of Legion Hounds are here, and Duchess Veronica has called a Ducal Tribunal so Octavian can not hand out punishment to Castile on the spot.”
Konstantin argued, “That makes no sense! The city only fell a day ago! How could a Tribunal have been called and your Legion Hounds be here already…” His voice had started loudly and faded at the end.
Cornelius confirmed Konstantin’s thoughts, “The Duke’s army was never going to reach Macha until it fell into Bartiradian hands. That is why Baron Hephestus abandoned the city to join the army. He is in Duke Tiberious’s pocket and was aware of the plan.”
“And Gregor and Durandus?” Konstantin asked softly, seeing the bigger picture.
“Gregor is not well-liked but was apparently just a disposable piece on the board. When Durandus insulted Duke Santino by not marrying his daughter and paying for her First Citizenship, he sealed his fate. Before we learned Durandus was killed, Duchess Veronica thought I would also be rescuing him as well.” Cornelius walked past me as he moved toward the front of the formation.
I moved back, planning to talk with Konstantin, but Cornelius spun and talked loudly as he walked, “We dispersed a gnoll camp on our trek through the woods. They should not bother our large group but be on alert. These woods also used to be the home to a herd of centaurs. No sightings in the last two years, but that means very little.” With his warning done, he moved off to join the screen. For an old man, he moved with surprising grace.
I was not the only one seeking explanations from Konstantin. Castile and Delmar had fallen back to walk with him. I ended up in front of the trio. Konstantin started with, “That is Cornelius. He trains the Legion Hounds for the eastern part of the Empire. I was trained by and worked for him as a Hound.”
Castile stated, “Why did he not have me killed immediately?”
It was a moment before Konstantin spoke, “He is here at the direction of Duchess Veronica. I think she is a new duchess, one of the Emperor’s many great-granddaughters.”
It was quiet for a few minutes, and as much as I wanted to ask a question, I remained silent. Delmar asked, “The Ducal Tribunal?”
Castile answered him, “I am assuming the Hounds are here to protect me from Duke Octavian and Duke Tiberius until a formal Tribunal of Dukes.”
Konstantin answered, “Cornelious did not say where or when the Tribunal will be held. If I know him, though, he has a plan to exclude Octavian from the Tribunal. I’m not sure what favors this Duchess Veronica has given for his help. Cornelious’ help is never given freely.”
Castile hissed, “If he can manage to exclude Octavian from the Tribunal, I will give him my firstborn.”
Delmar asked quietly, “So we are just going to go along with this?”
Konstantin answered in a casual tone, “If we attack the Legion Hounds, the Emperor will send ten times this number after us. It is best to follow politely. Besides, almost everyone is injured.” Adrian was meandering back to the group now. He was also in obvious pain, his arm still in a sling and walking on a broken ankle. We were not moving slowly, so you had to admire his pain tolerance.
Castile sounded angry, “They could have given us a few simple healing potions, at least.”
Konstantin barked a loud laugh that had a few heads turn. He said conversationally, “I was a Hound at one point in my service to the Emperor. You never make your quarry stronger. Rest assured, they will get us to our destination even if they need to put their lives on the line.”
Castile moved past me with Delmar. Adrian hobbled behind them. It gave me a chance to walk with Konstantin. He opened the conversation, “You look to be in fair condition, Eryk.”
I went with Castile’s explanation for my healing, “Castile gave me a simple healing potion to hold for her. I was supposed to use it on her if she was incapacitated.”
“Did she now? And you used it on yourself?” Konstantin remarked with some skepticism in his voice.
“Yes, after my tumble down the stairs,” I responded smoothly. I tried to turn the conversation, “What is a Ducal Tribunal?”
Konstantin grunted, “There are sixteen Dukes who control the sixteen provinces outside of the Imperial Province, which is the Emperor’s Seat. The Dukes are the higher law, and three of them can sit in judgment of any mage or First Citizen. The three members of a Ducal Tribunal are assigned by the Emperor himself. Whatever game Duchess Veronica is playing at, it is dangerous. She is in charge of the Sobral Province. The newest and smallest province in the Empire. If I remember correctly, it has a modest city on a river, and that is it.”
“Is the Duchess an ally of Castile?” I asked.
“Not that I am aware of. But if she is opposing Octavian, then there will be a reprisal for her action,” Konstantin mulled. He then looked at me, “The politics of the Empire are more deadly than the Bartiradian Army. My advice to you is to stay as far away as possible.”
We walked for a while. I asked, “Why does Castile not flee the Empire?”
Konstantin grunted and pointed at the men making their way around us in the woods, “The Hounds will always find you.”
“How did you become a Hound?” I asked, watching the men flitter among the trees.
“Interested are we?” He chuckled. “Well, two things are needed. You need to complete legionary training, and you have to have a useful spell form.”
“So I qualify?” I asked him. We were approaching a clearing ahead, and Konstantin’s eyes were on it.
“I suppose you do,” he said, distracted. “It is not as plush as you think it is. The Hounds track down beasts, mages, men, and sometimes children. They are the attack dogs of the Emperor. This,” he motioned to our escort, “is out of character for them, and I am curious how Duchess Veronica sent the best of them to secure Castile.”
We entered the clearing, and it looked like a campsite. There were two small shelters, and inside, foul-smelling bodies covered in fur and blood. I walked with Konstantin for a closer look. “These are gnolls. Do you have them in Tsinga?”
“We do, but I have never seen one before,” I replied, inspecting the dead creatures. They had arrow wounds, throats were slit, bellies were cut open, and entrails pulled out. They were vaguely humanoid but definitely most beast-like, hyena men.
Konstantin looked into the other shelter and grunted before walking on. I looked inside as well. Puppies…no, baby gnolls all ruthlessly slaughtered. I moved to catch up with Konstantin. He waved his hand back, “That is what the Legion Hounds do best. I am sure if they were not tasked with bringing in Castile, they would have tracked down the rest of the pack. Gnolls are a scourge.”
“Is that what you did? Hunted monsters?” I asked him. Brutus had moved beside us to listen.
“No, I was the monster. I hunted mostly soldiers for deserting their posts. Some legionaries for failing to do their duty. And a few regular men as well. Highwaymen and other criminals. If a Hound is coming for you, the trial is already over,” he said hollowly.
Brutus asked, “Why did you leave?”
Konstantin smirked, “I didn’t. I was recruited into the service of someone else. There are not many ways to leave the Hounds.” He pointed at Cornelious far ahead, “To leave, you need to be reassigned by your commander or complete your tenured service. Someone negotiated with Cornelious on my behalf.”
The sound of bow shots from deep to the right sounded, and everyone paused to listen. Konstantin unshouldered his bow and went into the woods. We all waited for ten minutes before Konstantin returned. Our group was moving again, but Konstantin was at the front talking with Castile. Word was passed back that the Hounds had encountered a giant spider and dispatched it.
Mateo joined Brutus and I. We broke out some wrapped rations. Mateo had gotten all of his soaked when he tripped in the reservoir. I gave him one of my meals from Flavius’ pack. As we finished the meal, we reached another clearing. This time, it was a wide, packed dirt road bisecting the forest.
Cornelius was talking with Castile, and soon, we were walking down the road. The pace had increased, and Adrian was grunting with every step to keep pace. The forest finally faded into open fields of wheat. It was late evening, and a dozen men came charging toward us on the road, their horses raising a cloud of dust behind them.
We had remained at our group’s rear and could not hear the exchange with the riders wearing the army’s regular uniform. It did not matter as the riders rode away back in the direction they came from after a quick exchange. Delmar turned to us, “Legionnaires! Form ranks four abreast at the front!”
We scrambled to obey, and in a few heartbeats, we had a four-by-five block of men. Castile, Delmar, and Adrian walked into the front as we began a march. I was in the last row, and soon, all twenty of us had synched our steps as we continued down the road. We passed by a few fields, and a neatly arranged tent city appeared over a small hill. Mounted sentries were on top of the surrounding hills.
The tent city was still being formed as they must have recently stopped here for the quickly approaching night. The tent city had flattened a farmer’s wheat field, but I doubted the farmer had complained. We held our chins high and walked through the soldiers, getting people to pause and stare. A few larger tents were flying a mage flag above them and surrounded by other men in legion armor. Our Legion Hound escort evaporated into the tent city, leaving us to march alone, their duty to deliver us over.
The rows of tents seemed to go on forever as we marched deeper into the encampment. We finally reached the center of the camp. A large white tent was erected here. Delmar ordered us to halt and wait at attention. I had not expected to wait long.
I was wrong. The sun had set, and we remained at attention in the humid early night. I wanted to ask a question or even just get a drink but was too afraid to be the first person to do so. And that was how we remained throughout the night, statues outside the command tent as the Duke’s army continued their business.
The rich blue moon lit the camp, and we soon fought to keep our eyes open. I felt pity for the injured men, especially Adrian, who shifted ever so slowly at the front of our block on his broken ankle.
We were all still standing when the hint of dawn crested the sky. Some of us had swayed during the night, somehow finding the ability to sleep while standing for short periods. But none of us fell. The command tent flap suddenly flew back, and a man in a General’s dress exited the tent. He walked past us, not saying a word. Shortly after, another man exited the tent. He was tall with sharp features in the low light and hard jet-black hair. He had on legionnaire armor, only it was not leather but steel. He looked at all of us heavy on our feet, smiled ruefully, and announced, “Castile, so good to see you again. You look well. Why don’t you come in so we can talk.” I immediately did not like the man; he just had that air about him.
Castile stumbled on her first step before gaining her balance. She told Delmar, “Get everyone to the legion healers.” And then she was gone inside to confront Duke Octavian.