It was obvious that Master Mage Sebastian and Mage Castile were not friends. As our wounded company watched the interaction, Sebastian was in charge and talking down to Castile. Sebastian turned to face the lake and lowered his tone. Their conversation turned private as they faced the lake and talked too low for anyone to hear.
Delmar looked at everyone and started giving orders. “Eryk and Blaze go to the aqueduct to maintain a watch. Benito, Wylie, and Felix. I want you to help Linus get all the wounded together for treatment. Bring them near the lake. Konstantin…” I was out of earshot as he continued to give orders.
Blaze and I walked out on the aqueduct, and I was quickly reminded that my sole was becoming detached as my sock was soaked again. Blaze looked to have come out relatively unscathed in the battle. “That was pretty close. How did you manage on the aqueduct?”
Blaze started to get animated with words and hand gestures, “Craziest fight I have ever been in,” he indicated the aqueduct. “Shoot, duck. Shoot, duck. Lay flat in the water while protecting the bowstring. Get up, shoot.”
As we reached the position, there were five dead men, their blood still turning the water flow red. I recognized two men from our company, Malcolm and Fidel. I did not know Fidel at all, and I do not ever remember hearing him talk to anyone. The other three men were from Gregor’s company.
Blaze was doing a better job than me at not being affected by the death. He immediately kneeled in the water at the edge, and scanned the rocks below. I joined him and looked down on the carnage below. Dozens of bodies were scattered among the rocks. Blaze must have caught movement because he drew an arrow and fired. A Bartiradian who had been sitting in the shadow of a boulder groaned as he now had an arrow in his heart.
Blaze commented without remorse, “I was just speeding him on his way. He was in a lot of pain.”
A few minutes later, Brutus walked down the aqueduct with Pavel. Pavel had a serious limp but carried his bow. Brutus announced, “I have to drag the bodies back. Pavel is here to help watch for the enemy.” Brutus tied a rope to the first body and started to drag it through the water.
Pavel kneeled painfully next to Blaze. I had remained standing, not wanting to get my pants wet. Pavel said, “You will want to kneel. If enemy archers are still out there, you are a bigger target standing.”
I did as advised and knelt between them, quickly soaking my linen pants. I asked, “Why does Duke Octavian have it out for our company?”
Blaze and Pavel looked at each and Blaze answered, “Duke Octavian is one of the sons of the Emperor. He controls the Sacegoes Province. After the Telha Imperial Province of the Emperor, it is the most profitable region in the Empire.”
Pavel picked up the explanation, “There are six cities in his province. Castile grew up in one of them. We do not know which one. When she was tested and was found strong enough to go to the Mage College, Duke Octavian sponsored her. When she graduated, she did the only thing she could to forgo her debt to Duke Octavian. She joined the Legion of the Lion in service of the Emperor.”
“I thought all mages joined the Legion after they graduated?” I asked the pair of archers.
Blaze smirked, “You are asking the wrong people, Eryk. But as I understand it, only those who can not pay for the schooling at the college have to serve in the Legion. That is why you do not see First Citizens or wealthy merchant mages leading companies.”
“So, instead of paying off her debt to Octavian, she is working for the Emperor? For how long?” I asked, curious as to Castile’s motivation.
“Twenty years is the term for mages. I think Castile is seventeen or eighteen years in. Duke Octavian is getting desperate for his revenge on her before she leaves the Legion,” Blaze noted.
Pavel added, “And that is not her only enemy among the First Citizens. There is Baron…” Blaze stopped Pavel from talking by slapping him with his bow.
Blaze said seriously, “The less you know, Eryk, the better you can sleep at night. I have been with Castile for almost six years. I hold her in higher esteem than any First Citizen.” His statement quieted the young Pavel, who was still anxious to reveal Castile’s other enemies.
Brutus returned for a second body and said, “Master Mage Sebastian is leaving soon. I think we are going to make our way around the lake soon. Castile purchased a few simple healing potions from the mage for the more heavily wounded men.” Brutus tied a rope and hauled another body away.
Donte and Lysander walked past us. They were headed to drop the bodies off the aqueduct where Adrian had fought. Blaze noted, “Even though we do not control the city, Castile does not want the water fouled for the citizens. The Bartiradians will repair the aqueduct if they keep the city.”
Brutus had finished with the bodies and came to sit with us. “Flavius is going with Sebastian to look for the collector.”
“What? Out in the swamps?” I asked louder than I had wanted.
“Yeah, he is going to direct him to the island where Durandus lost it. After they find it, they will probably fly back to the Duke’s army. We are going to have to walk around the lake.” Brutus said while studying the dead bodies below.
“What if they do not find the collector?” I asked conversationally.
“Oh, Sebastion is a powerful mage. He specializes in dominating the minds of creatures. He will probably dominate a fish, frog or something to find it for him,” Brutus replied before kneeling with us, having finished his inspection of the dead Bartiradians below.
“He can do that?” Pavel asked in disbelief.
Brutus frowned as his pants got wet. Then he responded, “Yes. He has dozens of creatures on his estate.” He heaved a heavy sigh, “Once, Durandus and Sebastian were tasked with killing a Baron. Sebastian brought ten dire wolves to attack the baron and his family’s carriage in the countryside. I have never seen anything so brutal in my time as a legionnaire. The entire time the wolves were tearing the family apart, the high mage was just smiling at his pet’s ferocity.” Brutus shivered at the memory.
A small roar from the lake had us all turn to see the red drake take to the sky with two passengers. I watched them speed south, and I think I had just condemned Falvius to death. If Sebastian did not find the essence collector, he would kill Flavius in anger.
While watching the drake, Pavel asked, “Does he command any legionaries?”
Brutus shook his head clear of his thoughts, “What? Yes. He has two dozen or so. They take care of his pets. He actually breeds the drakes for the Dragon Legion on his estate. The brothers were close. I do not think he is going to take kindly to his death. My guess is we will not see Flavius again. If that does satiate his revenge, he will track me down.”
Blaze offered unhelpfully, “Eryk was there too.”
“Yes, but he was not assigned to protect him.” Brutus looked at the reservoir lake where our company was getting ready to move out, “I think just Flavius, Quentin, and myself are left. And Quentin was left at the road to guard the gear and was not on the island when Durdandus got himself killed.”
Konstantin came trotting out to us, “We are moving out. Once we get to the other side of the lake, it should just be a few miles to meet up with the Duke’s army.”
We abandoned our post on the aqueduct and went to the backpacks. There were twelve backpacks left for me to choose from—twelve men did not survive the assault. My gear was scattered at the bottom of the stairs, and my backpack was also full of melted butter from the heat of the day. Brutus pointed, “You should take Flavius’ pack.”
I nodded, picked it up, and checked the contents. It had the standard legion traveling gear with six wrapped meals. I shouldered the pack and looked at the bodies all lined up, eyes closed, and their hands crossed on their chest.
Delmar stood over the men, and we circled around them. Delmar spoke loud and clear,
“Oh mighty Pluto, we beseech you on this solemn day to remember the fallen warriors who have valiantly fought for justice in the Empire. Their courage and sacrifice will forever be etched in our hearts and minds.
Grant them peace and rest in your realm. May their spirits find solace and tranquility in the celestial lands. Guide them to eternal glory as they join the ranks of heroes who have gone before them. We humbly ask their next life be better than this one.”
It was a warrior’s prayer, and we all turned and left. Normally, the bodies would have been burned, but we lacked a way to start a fire. Whoever cleaned up the bodies below would have to take care of it.
We waded into the waters on the shore and started to move around the lake. Everyone was capable of walking, though a number of men still had upper body wounds. I was sure that Linus had stretched the potions that Castile had paid for from Sebastion. When the water got too deep, we had to scramble over the large rocks on the shore. It was easy to see why we had not tried to flee this route. Progress was painfully slow—literally for our wounded. The enemy would have rolled up behind us while we were trapped and exposed.
It took hours to make our way around the lake. Then we climbed to the lip of the crater and had to make a treacherous climb down to the woodlands below. It looked like when the mountain had exploded, the blast was directional toward where Macha was built. The forest below only had a few boulders near the edge that must have fallen from the cliff we were currently descending.
Adrian fell fifteen feet on the descent and broke his ankle. This fall was due to still only having the use of one arm. Other than that, we all made it to the forest floor. Konstantin was our only remaining scout. If he was correct, the road was about five miles north through the woodlands.
Konstantin warned everyone, “The next five miles will be difficult. These are wild, untamed woods. There could be any number of possible deadly and horrific creatures and plants inside.”
A man walked out of the woods, “Now, Konstantin, do not try and scare the children.”
Konstantin’s eyes went wide in disbelief. He moved and shook his wrists with the man, “Cornelius! How did you ever find your way all the way out here from your stacks of books?”
Cornelius looked fit but old with snow-white hair. “I still like to travel now and then. Especially in an emergency.” He turned to address Castile, “By order of the Emperor Maximus Augustus. Mage Castile, you are hereby remanded to my custody for the failure to hold the city of Macha from the Bartiradian barbarians. You are to come with me to sit judgment before a Tribunal of Dukes.”
Everyone in the company tensed, and a number put hands to their hilts. The forest stirred, and a dozen men showed themselves. Castile had a hard look but did not look surprised and announced, “Stand down! It is the Emperor’s order. We will go willingly.”
I heard a number of men cursing under their breath, and Konstantin was arguing with Cornelius. All of it mattered little as soon our company was being escorted through the woods to the waiting Duke’s Army.
END OF BOOK ONE