As I made my way down the main thoroughfare lugging a sixty-pound pack, I decided to take a quick stop in the Legion Hall. The other two companies and half of our company were stationed here. I wanted to see about requisitioning some gear, mainly a new spear. After training with a stick last night, I was anxious to get a real spear back in my hands.
I noticed Linus in the common room, and he waved me over, “Eryk, how are you doing? Heard about your little scuffle when Mateo came in to get his wound looked at.” A three-inch knife had stabbed Mateo in the shoulder in the fight.
“How is he doing?” I asked.
“Fine, we closed it up. Has Castille talked to you yet?” Linus asked, his face slightly creased in concern.
“No, I was headed up to the estate to pick a bed. Olson said we were moving up there, and dinner was in two hours,” I slowly said, thinking that maybe something was wrong.
Linus’ eyes went wide, “Bastard! He said he would tell me first. There are only three private rooms after Castille, Delmar, and Adrian take the larger rooms.” He was about to leave but paused, “Castille will tell you tonight, I am sure. But I heard you are going out with Mage Durandus’ company tomorrow. They do not have a porter. I was sorting potions you were going to be taking with you a few minutes ago.”
“Why?” I ask, confused.
“I will let Castille explain it. It should just be for the day,” he had a guilty look as he rushed off to pack his gear.
I went to the armory and was told I could grab what I needed, and it would be recorded in the log as I left. I walked by the unstrung bows and paused. There were a dozen, and a few of them were worn and had blood stains on them. Would they really let me check out a short bow? I had learned a little this morning, could pick the best of the bunch, and knew each was worth a good amount of gold from Regis.
I strung one of the thicker ones, tested the draw weight, and nodded. I could feel my sore muscles, but it was a good pull weight for me. I unstrung it and grabbed four spare bow strings from a box and a quiver with seventeen arrows. Quivers, I learned we were either small or large, 17 or 34 arrows full. The small quiver was for mobility, and the large was for extended battles. But Regis mentioned when they pack the quivers; they put the better arrows in the small quivers. The arrow lengths were the same since the Legion only used short bows. I would have checked each arrow, but I didn’t have time. I was racing against Linus for a private room.
At the rack of spears, I quickly selected two regular spears. The pilum were the throwing spears used by the regular army. The pilum was only for piercing. A regular spear had a more durable shaft and a spearhead that could pierce and slash and was shaped like a leaf. I would have to come back for a shield tomorrow. It only took a moment for me to check out, and they didn’t even comment on the bow. He even helped me bundle everything together with twine to make it easier to carry.
Loaded down with all the gear, I made my way to the upper city. I thought more than a few times about putting the heavy gear into my storage space rather than carrying it, but I suffered through it in case I was spotted. I think I beat Linus out of the Legion Hall, but I rushed down the street toward the orchards since I couldn’t be sure. I probably looked a fool, but I would hopefully be a fool in my own room.
The main road ran about a mile before meeting up with the inner city wall. I kept this wall to my right and soon found the gate, trees easily seen beyond. The city guards here had special tabards on. When I approached with my gear, they did not even question me as I passed. I turned and asked, “Am I the first one?” I realized I probably sounded like a little kid hoping to be the first in line for ice cream.
The older guard nodded with a grin, “Castille’s company by the armor? We were told you were coming. Yes, you are the first one through this gate. There is another gate toward the Count’s castle, though.” I was surprised they were so friendly, and I would have been polite and chatted, but I could see Linus fast walking toward us with his own massive pack. I turned and walked the stone paths across the orchard.
I noticed the trees were not apples but peaches or maybe nectarines. I was not going to pause to find out. The path led straight to the estate. The estate was a stone two-story building. It was not huge and surrounded by flowering trees. If I remember correctly, I think it was a guest house for visiting dignitaries. I made it to the large door and barged inside. I paused to find Delmar in the foyer. I was sweating and burdened. He cocked an eyebrow questionably.
“I was told there were a few private rooms?” I explained, “It is first come, first choice, correct?”
He chuckled, “Yes, the ballroom that way had fifteen beds dragged in. Most of the servant rooms on this floor have three beds but...” he caused for dramatic effect. The maid’s room off the kitchen has one bed and...” he did not finish as I moved toward the kitchen to the right. I could smell the food being prepared and moved through the doors. The door was narrow, and I struggled, probably comically, with my weapons and gear. I must have looked the fool. I burst into the kitchen to find a shocked Lirkin, our company cook, working by himself.
“Eryk? I take it you are not here to help. I think what you are looking for in the hallway there,” he said with a knowing smirk, pointing with his knife.
I went to the hallway, dropping my pack so I could fit in the passage. I found a narrow stair to the left going up and a door to the right. I opened the door, and it was a closet-sized room. A bed took the entire left side, and a small desk and armoire to the right. Maybe three feet were between the bed and desk, but I had a large window shaded by a massive tree on the tiny wall. I tested the mattress, and it was the most comfortable mattress I had felt in all my time in this new world.
I got all my gear inside and collapsed into the mattress. I sighed as it formed around my body. A floral fragrance wafted up from the mattress, probably the perfume the maid had used. The room was not nearly as humid as outside, and I would keep the window and door shut during the heat of the day. I started to unpack my things, claiming the small space for my own.
The armoire was full of woman’s dresses and a change of bed sheets. The dresses were all identical and probably her uniform as a maid. The bottom was full of woman’s small clothes. I guessed whoever she was; she was not important enough to be given time to pack her things. I found her perfume and personal possessions in the desk drawers. Besides using a puff of perfume to check the scent, I stored everything of hers respectfully away in the bottom of the armoire.
I learned my weapons against the closed armoire; two short swords, two spears, the bow, and quiver. I would use the desk and bed, and that would be it. I put my heavy pack on the small desk and planned to use the bed until dinner was ready. Instead, Lirkin called, “If you don’t mind, I would appreciate your help Eryk.”
I sighed and went to the kitchen after removing my armor. I heard Linus talking with Delmar and then heard him rushing up the stairs. I was glad I was not the only one acting childlike. Then again, these would most likely be our sleeping assignments for the next few weeks.
I was actually helping Lirkin prep for breakfast. He had dinner under control. Roasted lamb with an apricot-cinnamon glaze. A couscous with diced tomatoes and roasted garlic on the side. My mouth was watering as I peeled potatoes and then kneaded dough for him. I was happy to see all the jars of spices I had liberated from Varvao were in the kitchen.
The best part of helping prepare the food was sampling it. I soon heard others entering and Delmar directing them. Lirkin noted, “The larder is down those stairs there,” he pointed. “It wasn’t completely stripped, and if you want to cool off, it is very cool and dry down there. Just don’t be getting drunk from the casks of ale and wine,” he smiled knowingly.
I finished the last potato. I still had to rinse the skins next, and then it would be marinated with vegetables and spices for a portable lunch tomorrow. The potatoes would be diced and fried with eggs and peppers for breakfast. I asked, “Lirkin, why didn’t you take the room off the kitchen?”
He grinned madly, “I took a child’s room on the second floor. The bed is like a cloud.” I admit that made me jealous. My bed was soft, but it was for a servant. The good thing was I was isolated from the company and would have privacy to study and quiet to sleep.
Adrian came in an hour later and called for dinner, and we brought it out to the men in a fancy dining room. Everyone was crammed at the table, made to seat 12. I got jeered because I got the maid’s room, and I was covered in flour. As plates were filled and people ate, I noticed Castille was the only one not here. When we finished eating, a cask of weak ale was brought out, and large mugs were filled. Then Castille made her appearance with everyone satiated and happy.
“I hope everyone is settled in and happy with your inn accommodations,” she said to cheers. She smirked, “Well if the other companies want to hog the Legion Hall, they can have it! We will live in luxury on the hill!” More cheers.
She got serious, “The Dungeon discovery is confirmed.” Silence and then cheers. Every name of my role has been submitted. You can collect your share at the Adventurer’s Hall in the capital under a Truthseeker.” Mild cheers. She broke into a massive grin, “Everyone is due 75 gold and 68 silver.” The place got extremely loud at the pronouncement.
“Now to business. Tomorrow will be our last patrol south. We will eventually switch to work with the city guard on overnight patrols. During the day, we will keep our rotation on our section of the wall,” she paused to let it sink in.
“Our new accommodations also will require us to patrol the orchards at night. We will rotate which four men stay here and which sixteen go to the city to help the city guard every night,” she explained. The math meant six people got the night off. Well, probably four because I doubted Adrian and Delmar would do patrol work, but maybe I was wrong. Not so much cheering.
Delmar stepped forward. “Since you will all be well rested, we will pick up our standard conditioning and weapon training.” This got a chorus of boos. “I will post the times in the foyer!” He yelled over the cacophony of heckling. “Dismissed!”
Castille caught me, “Eryk, you are with me for a moment.”
Castille took me into a study where all the books had been stripped off the shelves. She smiled weakly, “You have done well so far under strenuous circumstances. I have an assignment for you. Mage Durandus’ company will explore the storm tomorrow, and I am loaning you out to him. He does not have a porter, and we have pooled potions for him to take.”
This sounded terrible. Trudging through the swamp infested with giant frogs…what is we got surprised by one of those massive snakes. I asked weakly, “What is the storm?”
Castille frowned, “We do not know. It has not dissipated and could be a number of things. An aether geyser from a ley line. A summoning. A new dungeon forming. A powerful being playing with magic. Whatever it is, we need to ensure it is not dangerous to the Empire.”
I just nodded and was told to be at the Legion Hall at first light.