Chapter 182: Past Missteps Catching Up
The water rushed along the low gunwales of the barge as we glided toward Parvas. All-out war was on the horizon. I was half listening to Adrian explain my duties to the company when we reached Parvas. He snapped his fingers to get my attention. “Eryk, focus. That is one thing Delmar did well. You drift off into your mind too often. If you want, I can have Linus take your place.” It wasn’t a threat and more of a question.
“No. I am fine. You were saying that Octavian’s son rules the city, and we want to keep a low profile when we arrive.” I then summarized the last few minutes of his lecture.
Adrian nodded, “Yes. Hopefully, there will be enough confusion with all the soldiers and legionnaires passing through, and we can get into the portal and to the Capital. Castile wants to report directly to the Legatus Legonis office in the capital rather than send a report through the office in Parvas where other eyes may read it.”
We then spent two more hours reviewing the procedures for requisitioning food and supplies for the company, collecting payroll to distribute, and filling out equipment replacement requests. I forgot half of what Adrian was saying and regretted accepting Delmar’s duties.
The sail barge turned in the bend of the wide river, and small waves breached the rails, causing curses from the soldiers who had been lounging on the rails. Our men in the bow managed to stand quickly but still had their boots soaked. I could see Firth smirking at the soldiers who got the worst of it. He probably could have warned them it was coming but preferred to watch the distress it created for the young soldiers.
The river was starting to become crowded with fishing boats, other barges, and even a gray-haired mage crossing to the opposite bank on top of a water spout. The mage was not in legion colors, so he was likely a civilian. The docks came into view, and murmurs of relief came from the company. A lot of the men thought they were not going to survive this last assignment.
The docks were crowded with soldiers and workers, and the occasional flash of red of legionnaire’s armor or cloak. Castile was in front of me, and I could sense her nervousness. The bargemen expertly guided our craft to the shelter of the docks. Even before they tied off, the captain of the soldiers was ordering them into ranks.
Body shields, pilums, and packs were gathered in a noisy and half-hazard fashion. Most of the men looked like they had not even started shaving yet. Some had excitement in their eyes, but the smart ones had a fear of the reality of the service. Fortunately for them, they were reinforcing the city so the more experienced soldiers in Parvas could be sent west to reinforce Macha. We remained on the barge until they were all disembarked.
Castile left to check into a small inn nearby with her hood pulled tightly over her head. She didn’t want to be seen or recognized. Adrian turned on the men. “Wait here. I will report to the city’s Legion Hall and get our orders.” He whispered to me, “Keep everyone on board.” Then Adrian disappeared into the press of people and soldiers on the docks.
Konstantin stepped off a moment later, and I made to stop him. “Konstantin, everyone needs to remain aboard.”
“I don’t feel like shitting over the rails. I only will be a moment.” He grinned at me and walked away, disappearing into the press as well.
As he stepped off, Firth clapped me on the back, “You are doing great, Eryk. I am just gonna visit a woman friend of mine at the brothel just down the way. Shouldn’t take too long to remake her acquaintance.” He turned and winked at the men, “Well, maybe I might have to get reacquainted a few times.” And Firth was gone, too. How the hell was I supposed to keep everyone else on the barge?
Brutus stood and looked ready to leave, too. “Maveith!” I roused the goliath, and his bald head rose from the deck and snapped his attention to me. “No one else leaves the barge. If they do, dunk them in the river.”
Maveith’s large frame stood with a nod and moved to the rails to block anyone else from leaving. Brutus sat down but did not look happy. I could see the faces of the men eager to get back into the normalcy of a city after the ordeal in the dungeon.
I turned to the docks, picking out the most honest-looking worker I could find, and calling him over. I handed him two large silver coins. “Food and ale for the company from the best tavern nearby.” He looked confused at twenty silver and I thought he might just run off with it. “One coin is for you, and the other is for the ale and food.” I assumed ten silver was about three weeks’ wages for the man.
His eyes went large, and he nodded, accepting the quest. He yelled at another worker, “Pete! I need some help carrying ale and food from Pour Advice. A silver in it for ya.” He winked at me.
The man named Pete dropped the crate he was carrying with a thud on the dock, and they headed off at a brisk walk. My fear that they would run off with the coin was unfounded as they returned with stacks of large bowls of thick stew and pitchers of ale. It took them three trips to get everyone fed. I doubted everything they brought cost more than three silver in total, but at least I kept everyone else on the barge and somewhat happy. When everyone finished, Pete returned the empty pitchers and bowls to the tavern.
Adrian returned briefly but went to talk with Castile in the nearby inn first before coming to me. He talked to Castile for over an hour before boarding the barge late in the afternoon.
Adrian settled on the barge beside me, “The Legion Hall is swamped. There is no room for us, and there is vast confusion with companies and squads being shifted all across the Empire to respond to threats. The good news is the portal to the Capital is opening at midnight. We should be gone before the Count knows we are here. I logged our men and the goliath for the portal.” He looked at the men lounging and taking inventory. “Where is Firth, Eryk!” His tone was slightly alarmed.
“Konstantin and Firth took off even though I ordered them not to,” I reported tersely.
“Dragon shit. I told you to keep everyone on board.” His tone softened in understanding. “It can’t be helped now. Hopefully, they return before we march for the portal, and nothing ill-fated comes of their absence.” I found being in command sucked, especially when the men didn’t listen to you.
As night set on the city, the docks thinned and quieted. Firth returned, drunk and rambling about the pleasures of the flesh, just before midnight and waking people up. Adrian went and got Castile, and the company formed up to march to the portal gate. Castile didn’t seem aware that Konstantin was missing as we moved through the city. She was more concerned with the citizens taking note of our movement. Maveith’s size and exotic appearance drew a lot of stares as well.
The portal square had several empty carts drawn by mules and a few covered carts with goods as a light misty rain fell. Adrian was to my right and indicated, “Most of the war supplies are funneled to the Capital and distributed through the portals from there. These carts arrived this morning, were unloaded, and are now headed back to the Capital to be refilled. I learned of the portal opening by talking to a teamster at the Legion Hall. Parvas is a good distance from Macha, so most of the supplies are provisions. It is as we feared, and famine is sweeping the Empire. You can rest assured the soldiers will be fed, though.”
The displacement mage arrived and looked haggard as if he had been overworked with drawing aether. His sunken eyes looked over at us over and frowned on seeing our company. He talked to one of his legionnaire guards, who jogged to talk to Castile. “Mage Jasper wants to let you know Mage Commander, that he cannot hold the portal long. He suggests you get to the front of the line if you want to ensure your entire company gets through.”
“Thank Mage Jasper for me,” Castile said with a nod. Adrian ordered the men to the front, and when the portal opened, we were the first ones through. I was shocked to find Konstantin standing with us when we arrived. When had he rejoined us? When I noticed him, he gave me a small nod and smirked at my surprise.
The legionnaires guarding the portal in the Capital had doubled from my first visit. I was worried about Maveith, but Castile already had a writ for him ready and passed it to a legionnaire in polished steel red-lacquered armor. He read it a few times before nodding. A hand signal from him had the archers surrounding the pit relax the tension on their bowstrings, and we were allowed to leave. I guessed only half of the wagons had passed before the portal closed.
Castile addressed Adrian and me, “Get the company settled in the Eastern Legion Hall while I report to the Legatus Legonis office.” Castile then hurried off, leaving the company to report our absence.
We had a loose formation as we moved through the city at night. In a way, our late arrival made it easier to get to the Hall without numerous eyes on us. Maveith’s head was snapping around at the sites as we walked. “It is larger than I imagined. I can’t believe they use so many glowstones to light the city at night; it reminds me of Eternis back home.”
Mateo chirped from behind us, “Just the upper city, Maveith. The lower city barely has any lighting besides a few oil lamps. You need to stay away from the alleys down there.”
Lirkin quipped, “They tried putting glow stones in the lower city, but they were getting stolen faster than they could be replaced.” The men then discussed the incident that had occurred some hundred years ago, each story getting more fantastical. Adrian did not make an effort to stop them, so neither did I.
The familiar Legion Hall came into view, and Adrian swore as he looked over the men, “For Pluto’s knife, where are Konstantin and Firth?”
“It wasn’t my turn to babysit them,” I said reflexively. Adrian did not look amused at my comment, so I shut up.
We approached the desk together, and an old man looked up. Adrian addressed him, “One mage company with twelve legionnaires and one contracted goliath.”
The man looked over, surprised, and quickly found Maveith in the group, eyes widening some. He grunted, “Bunk room seven.”
“Bunk room seven doesn’t have circulated hot air and would be cold this time of year. Is bunk room two available? The one over the kitchens?” Adrian requested politely.
The man seemed unhappy but nodded. “It is empty. Fill your rolls here,” he said, sliding a piece of paper toward Adrian, and Adrian handed it to me.
“Eryk, get the men clean and settled. Turn in the requisition forms for food and gear. I want everyone equipped and ready for a week on the road by tomorrow in case we need to march.” He produced a heavy pouch. “Forty large dungeon silvers. You may need to pay to have any lost gear replaced.” Adrian turned and left the Legion Hall before I could ask a question. I guessed he was off to support Castile.
The eyes of the men looked expectantly at me for direction. “Wake the boy attendants for the baths,” I directed the old man, who grunted but left to get them. I ordered the company, “Bunk room two, but I want everyone bathed and cleaned before you settle in for the night!”
The exhausted men moved slowly as they made their way to the baths. I had to go to the storage room and wake the attendants there. They were unhappy at being woken at the late hour, but I had my duties. I had the boys bring the men’s packs to the resupply warehouse. I had my list of equipment that needed replacing and what we needed to get the men’s packs set for a week. My own salvaged armor was in need of adjustments as I was constantly healing chafe marks.
We went through each pack one at a time, repacking it with a full kit. I was learning a lot about my fellow legionnaires going through their packs. It was also not a speedy process as I had to argue with the attendants about what I would have to pay to replace.
Generally, any worn or damaged gear was replaced without cost, but if a legionnaire lost their gear, they would have it added to their debt. Our company was already marked from Macha, which is why I thought they were giving me a double hard time. The hours started to stack, and soon, the light of the morning showed through the windows.
When all was said and done, the silver Adrian had given me did not cover all the replacement gear, and I had to pull another seven large silver pieces from my own stores to get the men completely outfitted. My hand was also cramped from all the paperwork. I had the sleepy boys drop the packs and replacement armor pieces off in bunk room two.
I was going to the bath. Two young boys were cleaning the room as I entered, and the company had long since retired. I gave the poor lads my armor to clean and asked for all new undergarments. I had to pay for them, but it would be worth it.
I fell asleep in the hot soaking tub. A splash of water in my face woke me up, and I saw the naked Firth entering the pool. He grinned as he relaxed into the lightly steaming water across from me.
“Where did you wander off to?” I asked, not really wanting to know.
“Needed to scratch an itch,” he said glibly.
“Didn’t you scratch that itch in Parvas?” I retorted, shaking my head.
He shrugged, smiling deviously, “Sometimes, the more you scratch, the more you itch. Is Castile back yet?” I shook my head, no, and we settled into an awkward silence.
Konstantin and Adrian entered the baths loudly and started stripping, giving the exhausted boy attendants more work. Konstantin’s pack was the only one I had not had access to restock. Wylie had Firth’s pack, and Lirkin had Adrian’s.
“We just got back from the Legatus Legonis. Castile is resting across from our bunk room upstairs.” Adrian informed me. Adrian looked distracted and not too happy to see Firth here.
Firth’s eyes narrowed at Konstantin, “Why were you with Castile?”
“I was requested to confirm Castile’s report on the Shimmering Labyrinth,” Konstantin said plainly as he started scrubbing under the cold shower. Silence settled, and soon after, all four of us were in the hot soaking tub.
Firth broke the silence, “Do we have new orders then? Or will the men be questioned by the Truthseekers?” I hid my tension at the question.
Adrian answered, still seemingly distracted, “We have orders but have been granted a week’s rest. There has to be an accounting of the runic weapons we claimed from Caelora. We are forfeiting the reward for discovering the dungeon, but the men will each get to retain their runic weapons.” With so many runic weapons among the men, I thought the company might become the target of First Citizens or other unscrupulous individuals.
I didn’t ask about other dungeon artifacts from the dungeon and eyed my own pack nearby. I had packed it myself in the supply room, and at the bottom of it were the summoner’s belt, rings, and robes.
“What are our orders then?” Firth asked impatiently.
Adrian capitulated, but it was clear he didn’t like Firth, “With only twelve men left in the company and not being able to replace our losses, we are going to be escorting a magistrate through the small towns in the Western Empire. He is carrying a tablet reader and will be testing the youth, looking for potential mages.” Firth grunted, seemingly surprised at the easy assignment. I was internally relieved as it meant we would be far away from the war.
Konstantin noted sagely, “It makes sense they are starting the testing cycle months early with the flames of war heating up. They want to find as many mages as possible to train.”
An attendant returned with my new clothes, and I rose from the hot tub, my skin sufficiently pruned. I dressed and packed my things to find my way to bunk room two. It had thirty beds, but most were unoccupied. I paused, realizing we had lost so many men—so many companions and friends.
The room was warm and smelled of baked bread from the kitchens below. I moved as quietly as possible to settle into a free, dense, fine straw mattress. It was midmorning, but I still needed a few hours of sleep, even with the ring of sustenance. I drifted off.
My bed shook strongly to wake me. Adrian was standing over me in just his underclothes, alarm on his face. “Wake up, Eryk. Count Cassius Cato, First Citizen Justin Cicero, and First Citizen Boris Angela have required your attendance at Cato’s villa in the upper city.” My mind came awake quickly at the urgency in Adrian’s voice. “Dress quickly, and I will go wake Castile.”
I recognized the two First Citizens but not the Count. This could only be in regard to one thing—the dreamscape amulet.