Chapter 137: The Kettle Bearer
I was okay with temporarily giving up my dreamscape amulet as I was not getting out of here alone. Castile was probably our best chance if we had to confront the summoner or if we eventually got into the dungeon, and for what it was worth, I trusted her. The temperature had remained cold outside, and the snow depth had not dropped, so we were unlikely to walk out of the city anytime soon.
After losing two games of checkers to an improved and somewhat smiling Maveith, I was back in my room with Mateo and Felix. Mateo was giving me the stink eye, so I offered, “Castile has the amulet. Maybe she will let you try to use it.”
His eyes looked hopeful and then fell, “Maybe after this mess. Is the wine giving you the squirts, too?”
“What?” I was caught off guard and confused by the conversation’s direction.
Felix looked over and clarified for me, “Some of us have been squirting out the arse after drinking the wine.”
“It is not poisonous,” Konstantin said from the archway. “Most likely, it is because you are not getting enough solid food.” He directed his attention to me, “Castile said you are to start making the specter culling runs and bringing up more of the wine.”
“Yes, I am to take the kettle of souls and use it in Castile’s stead while she works on solving another problem.” I answered him. Looking at Konstantin more closely, it looked like he had aged ten years in the last week.
“Good. Get it, and we can begin now. Brutus, Blaze, and Adrian are with us?” I nodded. “I will collect them and meet you at the stairs.”
I soon had the brass kettle in my hands. Castile had emptied the crystalized death essence into a bag, so it was currently empty. I turned it over and over under the light of a glow stone Blaze was carrying beside me. The runic writing was on the inside of the device, and I couldn’t make it out very well. “Don’t damage that, Eryk. It is the only thing that is giving us a chance to get out of here.” Adrian said from behind me.
I nodded, stopped trying to inspect it, and got a better grip on the device. We were all following closely behind Konstantin, who turned in the corridor and opened a large door. The door creaked ominously, and light spilled out when it opened. Konstantin noted, “Castile has been charging the glow stones in the walls below as we explored. You should just focus on using your aether on that device. You start to get low, and we will ascend.” It appeared Konstantin was in charge of the party over Adrian. It made sense, as Konstantin was the scout.
Adrian said, annoyedly, “Konstantin, we are just making runs to the wine vault.” Okay, maybe Konstantin just thought he was in charge.
Konstantin paused to confront Adrian, “Even if Castile’s plan works, we still have to find the dungeon to survive the winter. The more specters Eryk can send to their final rest every trip, the faster that will be.”
Adrian flexed his grip on his sword, and we all felt some tension in the air between them. Instead of addressing Konstantin, he addressed me to avoid a confrontation, “Eryk, let me know when you are too tired, or your aether gets too low, to continue.” I nodded, not wanting an argument to break out. I think Adrian’s restraint was rooted in his knowledge of how the city was affecting him.
We descended the stone stairs into a well-lit corridor with glow stones every twenty feet. A single small elf girl specter was wandering aimlessly in the center. Konstantin walked forward and unceremoniously cut her down in a flash of sparks. It was weird how only his runic weapon seemed to give those special effects. I had yet to see any other weapon do something as flashy.
I got closer to where the specter had dissipated. I aimed the kettle and channeled aether into it like I did with the collector. The purple smoke rushed toward the kettle and was consumed like a vacuum. A strange, cold, and wrongness pricked across my body. My breath was momentarily lost like I had stepped outside into frigid air. The coldness permeated my lungs for just a breath.
Castile had said it would feel slightly wrong, but that was a massive understatement and I had to wonder how high her aether tolerance was to feel just ‘slightly wrong,’ Maybe her aether resistance had something to do with it. It felt like I was bathed in the creature’s death aura as it was harvested. I shook the kettle to confirm it worked, and a small amount of the purple-black glittering sand was in the bottom. Adrian was waiting on me, “It worked. How many of these did Castile do every day?” I had no idea how she subjected herself to that feeling over and over again. I was looking at Castile’s toughness in a new light. This was going to be very unpleasant for me.
Konstantin answered, “Over a hundred every descent. How many can you manage with your aether, Eryk?”
I examined my aether core, “It didn’t take a lot of aether. It is more of the backlash from using it. I don’t know how she managed it so many times.”
Adrian gravely voiced, “She is a tough one. Just let us know when you need to ascend, Eryk.”
As we walked the corridor, Brutus and Konstantin were out front, Blaze at my side, and Adrian guarding the rear. There were dozens of large wooden doors lining the hallway. Konstantin passed them all by without hesitation. Four lone specters later, I almost felt like asking to return to the tower. My lungs ached like I had run a marathon, and my fingers were numb. Konstantin stopped at the door, pushed it open slowly, and peeked inside, “Clear.” He entered, and we followed. Racks upon racks of wine bottles were present.
Brutus was the most flummoxed, “There has to be at least ten thousand bottles in here.”
Adrian answered, “More. Eryk, fill your space, and Blaze and I will fill our packs.”
I picked up a green glass bottle and brushed the dust off. Imprinted in the glass was a scene of an elf, hunting a gnoll. I remember Adrian said the gnolls were the mortal enemies of the elves or something like that. Each bottle was its own unique carved piece of artwork. Different colored glass in innumerable scenes. Every once in a while, Konstantin said a bottle that I picked up was no good. His ability to know if something was an organic poison coming through, maybe? I added twenty-four bottles, and Blaze had ten wrapped bottles in his backpack. Adrian had eleven. Konstantin and Brutus were not carrying packs as they were scouting ahead and needed to remain unencumbered.
Adrian considered our next course of action, “Konstantin, we will swing by the children’s shelter, clear it, and head back to the tower.”
Konstantin nodded appreciatively and led the way. It seemed we were heading back toward the tower, but I needed to spend more time in this unfamiliar underground maze to be sure. We descended a wide stairway into a large chamber that was lit by only a few glowstones. Hundreds of small skeletons were scattered across the room. “We cleared this room of hundreds of specters, and now we usually find less than a dozen specters here every descent,” Adrian informed the group.
I scanned the room and could see only a single specter in the corner—a small boy, by the looks of it. Konstantin had us wait for a good twenty minutes before walking confidently into the room. Three specters of children rose out of the floor to rush us, as did the boy. Konstantin and Brutus dealt with them, and I completed my task with the kettle, wincing with each use. Konstantin seemed pleased, “Just four this time. That is a good sign.”
The narrative has been illicitly obtained; should you discover it on Amazon, report the violation.
“Leave it, Legionnaire!” Adrian barked, startling everyone. We turned to find Blaze sifting through the bones. “We don’t have time to loot the dead or the energy to carry the spoils unless it is a runic weapon.” Blaze stood and dropped a ring he had picked up. The metal sounded louder than it should be on the stone. Four adult specters emerged from the wall to the right, their faces twisted in a silent scream.
Adrian yelled, “Back up the stairs! It may be a rush!”
As we retreated up the stairs, Brutus asked, “What is a rush?”
We took positions at the top of the stairs to fight the four specters. Once the four specters were dead, Adrian answered, “Sometimes something triggers a bunch of the specters to come at us at once. Usually, there is a poltergeist or two in the rush. Though we haven’t seen a rush in the shelter in a while.”
After I gathered the death essence of the four specters with the kettle, I broke down a bit. “Adrian, I think I am done. I am shivering uncontrollably and have a pounding headache.”
Konstantin frowned, clearly disappointed in me. “That was, what, thirteen? This isn’t going to work, Adrian. We need Castile.”
I focused on Konstantin and angrily said, “Can’t you use aether as well, Konstantin?” I held up the kettle, offering it to him.
Konstantin looked down at his runic weapon and then at the kettle of souls. “I need to keep swinging my blade. You should push your limit, Eryk. Let’s find one or two more wandering specters before heading back.” He said, somehow sounding rationale.
“It is up to you, Eryk. I know Castile found the experience unpleasant, but I don’t think there is a limit on how many times she could use it,” Adrian said, deferring to me. I hesitantly nodded my consent.
Six specters later, we were climbing the stairs to the tower. My body was racked with chills that never seemed to end. Firth was at the top of the stairs, “About time you are back. We have five specters in the main library, and we have been subduing them, waiting for the kettle.” I groaned but turned around with just Konstantin and Adrian as support.
After the library was cleared, I shivered uncontrollably as we walked back to the tower. I didn’t think I could do this every day. I had no idea how Castile managed this. Adrian put his hand on my shoulder and said, “You did good work today, Eryk.” Leave the wine and kettle in Castile’s room. I will get you a double serving of tonight’s feast and meet you there.
Castile was prone on the floor, eyes closed, on the bedroll in front of the fire, gripping the amulet. Delmar looked up from his chair. He was watching over her and tending the fire. I placed the bottles from my dimensional space on the desk and the kettle while Delmar watched me.
“Castile said she knew,” Delmar said flatly. I didn’t know what he was referring to, so I just nodded slowly. “You should go in there and bring her out.” He motioned to Castile.
My first thought was not a problem, but I would have preferred for Adrian to arrive first. I sat on the other side of Castile. I stalled, “Adrian is bringing dinner. Right after I eat, I will retrieve Castile. Using the kettle takes a lot out of you.” Delmar shrugged and took the fire poker to stir the coals and add a board.
We sat in silence, and Adrian entered a few minutes later with both backpacks of wine bottles and a bowl. He handed me the bowl, “Lirkin is stretching the ration bars. The men say this soup is not terrible.” He looked at Castile on the floor and sat on another chair. He addressed Delmar, “It went well. The specters seem to be thinning in the area we patrolled.”
Delmar replied, “The Scholar found a map of the city folded into one of the books.” Adrian immediately perked up. Delmar waved his hand dismissively, “He found what he believes is the dungeon entrance, but it is on the other side of the city, just beyond the hearth tree.”
I was a little surprised by this great news. “Damn it, really?” Adrian bemoaned. I didn’t understand what the problem was. “Do you have any good news?”
“Nope, we are out of healing potions and salves. Donte and Remus’ frostbite is much worse. Might have to amputate their toes.” I tried the soup, and it reminded me of warm fig pudding. It was probably wishful thinking, but I kept the imagery up as I ate.
Delmar and Adrian continued their conversation, “Has she come out since we left?”
“No. I was going to send in Eryk to get her,” Delmar responded flatly.
I put down the empty bowl, “Why is it bad news that we know where the dungeon is?”
Delmar shook his head like I was an idiot. “It is fantastic news, Eryk,” he replied a little too harshly for my liking. “It is just the fact it is on the other side of a city infested with undead, and we are going to be surviving off of wine while we cross the city inch by inch while half of us lose our minds.”
Delmar was not an optimist. “I think I will go check on Castile now.” I said, sinking to the floor and touching the amulet.
Castile was studying one of her spell books on a couch in the entry room, looking very comfortable. She had a coffee table in front of her with an assortment of food and beverages. She looked up, surprised, “Is everything okay?”
I vented my frustration, “Other than Delmar being ready to snap, things are fine. Also, what the hell, Castile! The kettle of souls feels like it is sucking the soul out of me! Konstantin is pushing me harder than ever before, and they found the location of the dungeon.”
Castile slowly closed the spellbook and looked me over. “Do you feel better yelling that out loud?”
“A bit,” I admitted. I probably wouldn’t get any chances to yell at Castile in the real world.
“Using the kettle of souls works against your aether tolerance, Eryk. Your tolerance was twenty-two with a potential of fifty?” Castile recalled.
“I think so,” I thought about it, “Yes.”
“Then you shouldn’t have any trouble using it. I told you it would be unpleasant. You should also be able to train your aether tolerance by using it.” She said patiently. “Delmar will hold it together. I will handle him if he falls too far. The sooner I learn this.” She tapped the book, “the better off we all will be.”
“How is a spell called nightmare going to help anyway?” I said, relaxing some as I waited for her to answer.
“I decide what the nightmare is when I cast it. It is like a predetermined dream. It is intended to break a person’s mind but doesn’t have to be used that way,” she explained. “Is the Shimmering Labyrinth where the Scholar thought it was?”
“No, it is not under the hearth tree, but it is close, just on the other side of it,” I relayed, and Castile winced.
“Well, at least we know where we are going now. Hopefully, the underground network has a path to it. As for Konstantin, keep an eye on him. I think his elven runic weapon may be influencing him.” Castile said indifferently. “Nothing to be too concerned about at the moment. It was forged to kill the undead and may be encouraging him to fulfill its purpose. Have you noticed that his sword sparks when it comes in contact with the specters? That is the sword enacting its purpose, disrupting the enemy it was created to destroy.” Castile explained. “Adrian and Delmar already know to keep an eye on Konstantin. Is there anything else?” Castile seemed so calm it was almost disturbing knowing how dire our situation currently was.
“They sent me in here to get you out for a while,” I said finally.
Castile frowned. She tapped the spellbook, “Tell them I will be out in two hours and to have something ready to eat for me. I plan to come right back after eating. I hope to start practicing the aether weaves soon. This is really a remarkable space, Eryk. It is so easy to focus in here. I might be able to learn the spell in just a few days.” She picked up something that looked like a cookie and munched on it.
Seeing I had nothing else for her, she opened the spellbook and returned to studying. I felt like I was being abused a little bit. Then again, Castile had been the one using the kettle of souls repeatedly for days. This was her mini vacation at my expense. I exited the dreamscape and told Adrian and Delmar that Castile would be out in two hours. I also told them all they needed to do was remove the amulet from contact with her body to wake her. There was no need to go inside the dreamscape to retrieve her.
I returned to my room to find my roommates deep into their second bottle of wine. Maveith was playing checkers with Konstantin on my desk/bed, and Mateo and Felix were clearly intoxicated. They offered me the residuals of a bottle, and I passed. Konstantin was playing with the steel spheres I found in the desk. He was rolling them in one hand.
“Can I have my balls back?” I said to Konstantin as I held out my hand for them. “Or do you enjoy playing with them that much.” Mateo and Felix looked up from the checker’s board between them and were holding back their laughter.
Konstantin looked up, a single eyebrow arcing, “Did you know these balls are platinum, Eryk?”