Chapter 176: Run!
The earth drake yielded a major earth essence while Maveith watched the corridor. Maveith helped me drag the drake’s long neck around to face away from the corridor, making it look as if the drake was sleeping in case someone came by. The reward chest was much smaller this time, so I was not expecting another spear inside. It rattled with coins as I picked it up and carried it behind the drake.
I shattered the stone chest, using the drake’s body to shield my actions. Inside were a few dozen silver coins and a pair of thick brown bracers. The soft, flexible leather covered from wrist to elbow, with laces to tighten them. I let Maveith try them on, but his forearms were too large for them. If these bracers were an artifact, they would neither resize nor absorb aether from me. I sent the bracers to my dimensional storage to figure them out later.
With our work in the room complete, Maveith asked, “Are we going to descend and attack the boars again?”
I had considered going by myself, but I shook my head. “No. We’ll just wait until it’s time to leave the dungeon. Linus or Benito will forget us when it’s time.” I slid down the wall to relax in the corridor with Maveith.
Maveith smiled brightly. “Do you want to play checkers?” I nodded absently as he set up the board between us. “When will you release Raelia?” he asked after winning the third straight game.
I hesitated before answering. “When it’s safe. It might be some time before I can get away from the company.” I reset my pieces on the board, and we continued to pass the time.
Hours later, the pounding of boots and the rattle of legion armor echoed down the corridor. Benito was running full tilt at us, using the wall to slow himself. “The summoner was spotted across the owlbear room! We’re leaving now!” He turned and sprinted back the way he came without waiting for a response.
Maveith was trying to put the checkers set in the bag. “Leave it, Maveith!” I pulled him up, and we started running back to the safe room. Of course, we were the furthest away and probably the last to be warned. Benito, the little rabbit, was already gone as we raced down the corridor after shouldering our packs.
Thoughts raced through my mind. How much would the owlbear slow down the summoner? Would the summoner figure out that we had exited the dungeon? I glanced down the right corridor toward the harpy room. Seeing and hearing no one, I assumed they had already retreated, and we were the last ones left. Moments later, I saw the small safe room and the legionnaires preparing to enter the exit portal.
A piercing screech echoed down the corridor. Castile’s voice cut through the noise with an order, “Into the gate! Runic weapons lead! The summoner has controlled the owlbear! It’s coming!” Clinking red-armored men scrambled forward into the exit portal ahead of us. Almost everyone was through when we emerged into the safe room.
A hulking, bipedal owl burst into the room from the opposite corridor. Its over-muscled body was incongruent with its massive owl head. The beak alone was as large as a man’s head, and when it screeched again, sharp, jagged teeth lined the impressive beak. Castile’s aetheric shadow chains swarmed over the creature, trying to contain it, but they snapped like spider threads.
Castile, Adrian, and Kolm were the only legionnaires left in the room. “Get through the portal!” I yelled, not for any heroic reason but so I could use my abilities without being seen.
Castile nodded, understanding my intent. “Move! Eryk will occupy it with his air shields and follow us momentarily.”
Maveith roared his own challenge, and the creature looked confused as Castile, Kolm, and Adrian disappeared into the portal. I stepped within range of the owlbear, and it spun toward me. A foreign intelligence burned in its red eyes—the summoner trying to control the feral beast. I removed a good portion of its chest cavity, my power overwhelming its resistance.
The beast belched a spray of blood at me and charged on all fours. Fuck, I must have missed something vital. Maveith stepped in front of me, lowering his hammer. The owlbear’s powerful beak clamped down just as Maveith’s hammer connected. A portion of Maveith’s stomach, leather armor, and abdomen were torn away. I pressed my blade into the creature’s shoulder as it chewed its reward. Maveith stumbled back, leaking blood and bile from a gaping stomach wound.
“Drink your potions!” I yelled as I twisted my blade and yanked it free. The pain drew the creature’s attention to me while Maveith fumbled for his potions.
The owlbear, frothy blood dripping from its beak, stumbled toward me. It was close to death, but I must have hit the lungs instead of the heart. I reached under my armor for the aether potion. I only needed a sip to recover all my aether. The owlbear clumsily lunged toward me in slow motion, giving me plenty of time to sidestep.
It was its final act, as the massive creature collapsed. I took a swig of the potion, capped it, and sent it to my dimensional space as my aether core was replenished. I kneeled next to Maveith while scanning the corridor. A large splotch of pink skin denoted his injury, which was slowly turning gray to match the rest of his body.
“Did you take all your healing potions?” I asked, inspecting the wound. A deep dent in his abdomen showed where the owlbear had taken a bite.
Maveith nodded painfully. I produced my last greater healing potion and handed it to him. The aether from the previous potions hadn’t been enough to repair the extensive damage. Maveith rasped, “It’s coming.” He pointed painfully down the corridor.
I spun around to see a creature bounding toward us. It must have been the summoner’s ice drake. The scales shimmered, appearing like undulating ice as it rushed closer. I wasn’t concerned, as I had enough aether to deal with it. “Maveith, get into the portal and help the company with the specters.”
Maveith groaned as he stood unsteadily. He seemed to be missing some musculature, as he had difficulty moving. Hopefully, the greater healing potion would restore the soft tissue.
The ice drake skidded to a stop at the entrance, its crystalline eyes showing intelligence as it assessed the situation. Seeing only one legionnaire and a struggling goliath, the drake paused. I backed up toward the portal, making sure Maveith made it through. The serpentine neck of the drake slowly locked eyes with me, its gaze intense. I wondered if the summoner was controlling or viewing through it. The black, oily surface enveloped Maveith, sending him to the others in the ruins.
The ice drake took a tentative step into the room, eyes locked on mine. If it had a ranged breath attack, I would retreat. If it got within fifteen feet, I would end it. The room was only thirty feet across, but the drake paused, puffing frosted air in annoyance at me. The sound of soft footfalls behind the drake had me shift my focus to the corridor. The summoner was coming.
The slow, dramatic pace of his walk made time seem to stretch. The tall, aged elf entered the room, standing behind his drake. He rested a hand on its crown, stroking it. I pulled the aether potion back into my free hand, relaxing my grip on the black blade, letting it point at the ground to appear unthreatening. The High Mage Summoner surveyed the room, his eyes lingering on the dead owlbear before looking up at me. “Did you kill the dire owlbear, legionnaire?”
I was a little shocked. Did he not recognize me? Should I be insulted? I thought he would remember me from when he looked through the wyvern’s eyes. He had sworn to kill me. “Maybe,” I replied evenly.
His eyes brightened as he studied me, and a flash of recognition appeared on his face. “The void mage,” his voice hardened. “Do not come any closer.” He studied my dilapidated and mangled legion armor, a delighted smile forming. “It looks like you have had a rough time in the dungeon.”
I was trying to decide what to do. I could argue that I was not a void mage. I could drop Raelia in his lap and hope she convinced him not to attack. Or I could escape by taking one step back and joining the company. Instead, I asked, “Why did you follow us into the dungeon?”
The summoner smiled maliciously. “You are ignorant of the goings-on in the world. I was running out of time for my revenge, as I was ordered to return. Your Empire thinks it can hoard the secrets of the ancient Titans. We cannot let them have it, as it would tip the balance of power too much.”
I figured I might be able to draw out more information if I kept the conversation going. “So, they found Atlantium?”
Traeliorn raised an eyebrow at my knowledge. “You are no ordinary legionnaire. A Praetorian agent, then? For whom? I will be sure to let them know you will not be returning to their service.”
His dark humor attempted to mimic mine. I chuckled as he dug for information. “No, I serve no one. I am a conscript, forced to join. Being a legionnaire was not by choice.”
“You lie, legionnaire.” The mage’s voice suddenly turned angry. Damn, the summoner was a Truthseeker as well—this time, I felt the spell-like spiders crawling over my skin. My sensitivity to aether had increased in the dungeon.
I elaborated with the truth. “After I was convicted of a crime and sentenced, I was given the choice of hard labor or the army. I chose the army.”
The elf nodded slowly, accepting my answer. He considered and shrugged. “It matters not. You killed Vaeril. My pursuit of vengeance has cost me much, but the knowledge and rewards of this fascinating dungeon have made up for it. And now you are trapped.” A devilish smile formed on his face.
A cold realization spread through me. I reached behind, expecting the dungeon exit’s embrace, but I felt only a smooth, solid surface. I quickly looked back. The oily wall was still there, but something akin to my air shield blocked my exit. I was actually impressed that the mage had managed to cast the spell at such a distance—nearly thirty feet. He had more tricks than just summoning creatures.
“Perhaps we can bargain? Would you let me go in exchange for the griffin rider? The elf who was guarding Vaeril?” My bargaining position was not strong. If I could eliminate the ice drake, I might be able to race to the earth drake room and use the exit at the bottom of the stairs.
“Raelia is a prisoner? I will inform her brother when I return. He can launch an expedition if he wishes,” the mage said, unconcerned with the young elf’s fate.
It felt like the mage was toying with me, savoring his victory. I slowly raised my dark blade into a defensive posture. The ice drake immediately tensed, sensing a battle was coming. “Kylma, relax. This one is mine.”
Seven arcane missiles formed over his shoulder and shot toward me. I hastily erected air shields in front of me. The two shields shattered under the force, and the seventh missile burned a hole through my severely damaged armor. My flesh burned where the missile struck, and the smell of burnt flesh reminded me I was facing a powerful mage.
“Are we not full of surprises!” Traeliorn exclaimed, genuinely shocked. “What other secrets are you hiding?” His unfriendly smile returned.
“Too many to count,” I retorted reflexively. “If you have a few hours, perhaps we can discuss them.”
The mage sighed. “Unfortunately, I do not have time for banter. I need to eliminate the rest of your company and confront your Emperor.”
It was time to go. I dashed to the right, aiming for the corridor. The ice drake exhaled a cloud of frost, but it wasn’t nearly as powerful as the ice salamander’s attack—it merely washed over me. I left an air shield behind, blocking the corridor. A torrent of lightning crashed into it, superheating the shield until it exploded, throwing me tumbling down the corridor. My ears rang, and I thought to myself that this most definitely was not a fair fight.
I activated my healing spell form and coughed in pain. I stumbled to my feet as the mage’s muted shout registered, “No, Kylma!” I glanced back to see the mage had warned the drake against pursuing me, but the beast’s hunting instinct had taken over. It saw me beaten and sprawled on the floor, and it rushed toward me, eager to finish me off.
The headless ice drake’s body skidded into me. My head felt stuffed with cotton, my ears throbbed, and I stumbled to my feet and ran.