Chapter 197: Primus
As I returned to the capital, I brought Typhoon back to the stables. I gave him a dungeon apple as a thank you for his service but didn't rub him down, leaving that to the stable boys. If I had a choice for a steed in the future, I would choose a different horse. The dark gray horse was large and strong but had a child’s attention span, which made me miss Ginger, my previous companion, even more.
One of the legionnaires I traveled with fell in step with me on the way back to the Mage College. I was surprised, as no one had talked to me during the entire trip. In fact, they had gone out of their way to ignore me. “I haven’t seen you in the training yard. Yet you practiced with the local legionnaires in Crestview,” he noted with suspicion in his tone.
This legionnaire was not the one who had searched my pack, but I sensed an ulterior motive. I tempered my response as I had wanted to watch the swordsmen of the Imperial Legion practice. “Chancellor Zyna has no maids or servants, so I am kept busy,” I replied, mimicking annoyance.
The legionnaire scoffed as if cleaning and cooking duties were beneath a legionnaire. “If you want to test yourself against the best swordsmen in the legion, come to the Imperial Legion Hall at first light. The best of us practice for two hours before heading to our posts.” With the invitation given, he peeled off from my side and headed toward the gates to the Imperial grounds.
I considered the offer and assumed they must have watched me practice in Crestview and were impressed by my skill. Or, more likely, it was a trap, and they wanted to lure me there for other reasons—probably an attempt to embarrass me. Almost all of the Imperial legionnaires, to my knowledge, were volunteers. Most of them were like Brutus, related to aristocracy, or their family was in service to one.
As I climbed the steps, I started to think of the Imperial legionnaires in a similar light to knights of medieval Europe—the privileged children of the upper class. The conscripted legionnaires, like myself, were culled from the army due to their size and physical attributes and sent to die on the front lines but also to maintain the mystique of the legion. Maybe I was too cynical.
Zyna was in the common room reading, her hair wet from a bath. She looked up at me, closing her book, and asked, “How do you think your two favorites did in the hunt?”
I considered my reply, “They were not adequately prepared. They had no survival training, wilderness skills, combat experience, or time to work together with their team. None of them even carried a single weapon as a backup if their magic failed.”
Zyna frowned at my appraisal. “They will be trained in such things if they are enrolled at the War College. The other groups of mage aspirants outperformed their group but also, as you noted, had some experience.”
I finished evaluating what I witnessed in support of the two mage aspirants. “Livia did immediately heal the injured mage even with the danger of the giant fox nearby, and Flora was limited in what her plant growth spell form could do. Either way, I don’t see either entering the War College without offensive spells.”
Zyna spoke heavily. “As I told you, Livia is destined to be part of an expedition for Antonia. She needs to practice her healing spell forms and imprint purify water on her aether core.”
Immediately interested and in a protective tone, I inquired, “So, you know what the mission is?”
She nodded reluctantly. “I learned before the games started in Antonia’s box. You can’t tell her or spread this information.” She waited for me to nod as I guessed there was some duplicity to this expedition. “It is a diplomatic mission to the Kingdom of Gesedmuria. The Empire needs allies, and Antonia plans to reestablish relations with the King.”
The parade of important-looking people who spoke with Zyna at the games now made sense. I recalled from the maps in my dreamscape that the Gesedmuria Kingdom was directly east of the Kingdom of Bartiradia. If they joined us, then half the continent would be involved in the war for the ancient buried ruins. “How likely are they to succeed?”
Zyna shrugged. “After the First Legion secured the Telhian Empire millennia ago, many of the Legion left to find their own glory. One married into the Royal Family in Gesedmuria. It has been over five hundred years since either nation sent ambassadors, and I am not aware of why relations degraded back then. I am sure Antonia knows and has a plan.” I scoffed as I assumed that plan had to do with their plot against the Emperor.
I thought about asking to go on the expedition, but they had other plans for me. I could still help prepare her for the worst. “Can I teach Livia how to defend herself?” I was thinking about giving her a pair of the elven daggers Ignis had cleaned and sharpened and teaching her how to use them.
Zyna cocked her head in thought. “You can teach all three in the evenings if I am unavailable to mentor them in spellcraft.” I thought using the word mentor might be too strong a term. Zyna did guide the three better than she did the students in her classes, but it was still closer to a trial by fire, with Zyna showing impatience and expecting the young woman to understand and demonstrate.
I asked Zyna for permission to train with the Imperial Legion. I didn’t want to attend if she objected. “I was invited to train at the Imperial Legion Hall in the mornings.”
Zyna frowned, extreme unhappiness on her face. “You can go if you wish, but my allies among legionnaires told me they wish to embarrass you more than help you.” I looked confused, so she added, “You have a pretty auspicious posting as my sole personal guard. There is some envy and—dissatisfaction among their number with how lightly you take the honor.”
“Have I been doing something wrong?” I asked innocently.
Zyna laughed musically, “Have you ever heard the phrase, ‘A legionnaire should be seen and not heard?’ You tend to talk with me in public, showing a familiarity that is frowned upon.” I was a little shocked, as I had asked Zyna questions while escorting and guarding her classrooms, but I didn’t think it was inappropriate or disrespectful.
“Don’t worry. They think your familiarity with me is because you are my lover.” Zyna smiled brightly at my discomfort.
I confidently committed, “I think I will go anyway. I am eager to engage the best the Imperial Legion has to offer.”
“So be it. Count yourself lucky that you can heal yourself.” She pulled a paper from the book. “Your request for ingredients in my name for lesser healing potions has been marked. I received a letter asking if I was brewing.” Her eyebrows cocked, showing doubt.
“I successfully created the healing paste and was trying to explore more difficult formulas,” I explained.
“Ah. Well, since the request was in my name, I received this letter of apology from the procurement officer. The request was delayed two weeks because the Imperial Alchemists are behind in supplying lesser potions to the war front.” She folded the letter. “You will not have time for advanced alchemy in the Hounds, and anyway, you can requisition lesser potions readily. The book I procured for you has useful powders. I suggest you focus on those recipes for your hobby.”
I didn’t like being told what I could and couldn’t practice with my alchemy, but Zyna paid for the ingredients; well, her allocation as a Chancellor was paying for it. Also, the poisons and powders book was not true alchemy as it contained no recipes that required gem dust and aether to catalyze. I just nodded and retreated to my room.
I unlocked my small room and checked to ensure nothing had been disturbed after my experience with the legionnaires. The table reader was still covered, and the markers I placed were undisturbed. I doubted anyone would be brave enough to violate the sanctity of Zyna’s apartments, but I checked everything. The two artifacts from Traeliorn, the belt and robes, were still secured at the bottom of the worn pack in the corner and appeared undisturbed, wrapped exactly as I had left them. The two artifacts were probably powerful tools for mages.
I cleared the tablet reader and activated it to see my gains from the essences and training. It was modest for the nearly two weeks I had been in the tower.
Physical
Mental
Magical
Strength (+4/+1)
54/81
Intellect (+1/+0)
32/56
Aether Pool (+1/+0)
22/26
Power (+2/+0)
50/84
Reasoning (+1/+0)
50/61
Channeling (+6/+0)
26/57
Quickness (+7/+0)
40/49
Perception (+0/+0)
52/61
Aether Shaping (+0/+0)
8/8
Dexterity (+12/+6)
55/67
Insight (+3/+3)
36/52
Aether Tolerance (+6/+5)
48/56
Endurance (+1/+0)
69/95
Resilience (+2/+0)
51/71
Aether Resistance (+2/+0)
14/19
Constitution (+3/+2)
50/71
Empathy (+0/+0)
19/22
Prime Aether Affinity
Space
Coordination (+3/+3)
47/66
Fortitude (+2+0)
54/90
Minor Aether Affinity
Time
My gains had been modest, with the largest surprise being my aether channeling. It might have been a side effect of having my aether channels burned. It had made it easy to trace them through my body, and the feeling of hot aether running through them was always in the background as I sustained the slow aging spell form. It had gotten to the point where I didn’t even notice it during the day.
The weighted weapons training had improved my quickness markedly, as that had been the primary focus in the morning. The improvement of seven was slightly misleading as my quickness had been 35 before we went to Sobral, and I guessed I had gained a few points in my quickness during my time in Sobral.
I had now recovered or exceeded all my lost attributes before entering the Shimmering Labyrinth. I cleared the reading and covered the table before cleaning my auroch hide armor. After a quick cold shower, I was in the dreamscape.
I drew on my memories of training with legionnaires in Crestview to enhance the Adrian manifestation, as I had surpassed it. Then, I focused on practicing against Adrian, the elite orc from the Coliseum, and Konstantin. I built confidence in confronting the orc warrior and created his twin. I suppose I was a glutton for punishment, as I was repeatedly killed in the dreamscape when facing two orcs at once. I couldn’t tell from Konstantin’s feedback whether he was cheering for me or for the orcs.
Disgustedly, I spent the last hour studying the earth affinity spell form. I was starting to see flashes of the spell forms in my vision during the day. From my experience, this told me I was getting closer. I was suited a few hours before sunrise. I wore the auroch hide armor with the black blade on my hip. Getting through the gates into the Imperial Grounds took work, even though I told them I was headed to the training yard and armorer. I hoped to get Ignis to adjust this armor after I practiced Imperial Legion.
I was sent with a pair of escorts, and when we arrived at the training yards behind the Legion Hall, more than two dozen men were preparing in the gray predawn. The legionnaire who invited me yesterday approached. “It is fine, Salus and Makil. He was invited.” My two escorts left me in the care of the familiar legionnaire.
He focused on me, not hiding his aversion to my armor. “We don’t train in armor. The practice weapons are there, and shields there.” He indicated a shed. Maybe it was Zyna’s warning, but I detected some anticipation in his voice, and not the good kind. He never even offered his name before moving off. I selected a blunt blade to match the black blade in length and weight and a battered shield.
I slowly removed my armor, observing the small groups engaged in quiet conversation. Most of the legionnaires present were middle-aged or graying. They emanated a strong sense of experience. They wore black pants paired with legionnaire boots and off-white tops. Three bleary-eyed men in mage robes sat on a bench, enjoying breakfast. I assumed they were healers based on their demeanor. They did not appear to be here to watch, but rather to be available if needed.
Everyone moved into the yard when the first hint of light broke the horizon. There were nine large circles, and nine men stepped into them. The remaining men seemed to sort out who was going where with practiced looks and nods. Then the show began.
Attacks flashed in the circles, and it was hard to follow everyone at once. I took to following the two closest matches. A man with a well-trimmed gray beard was easily handling a younger legionnaire. The younger opponent got frustrated and overextended. The older man parried the blade and snapped his heel into the knee of the other. A loud pop and brief scream as his leg bent in the wrong direction ended the match. One of the mages put down his steaming drink and walked calmly to heal the man.
The gray-haired man chastised his defeated opponent, “Lars, you are still too slow. You wave your sword around like your cock in a whorehouse.” Damn, the man must be channeling Konstantin. The younger legionnaire had been skilled, probably a good match for me. As he left the circle, another man entered, and the schooling began again.
After fifteen minutes of watching, the legionnaire who invited me approached. He had been defeated three times and received healing once. “Are you going to watch all morning?”
I didn’t actually need to fight to get any benefit from this, but I replied, “Just trying to figure things out.”
He sighed, annoyed at my reluctance, “The nine circles are the rankings. Going this way,” he pointed and counted out each one. “To start the morning, the men who have earned a circle occupy it and then receive challengers. Sometimes, a man might challenge up, but usually, they receive challenges. You get hurt enough, and the mages will heal you.”
One of the men who had started in a circle left to rest. “Come on, we can take the open ring.” He marched confidently without waiting to see if I would follow. I did and soon stood across from him.
Usually, when I practiced with Konstantin, we went through simple strikes and blocks before testing each other. This legionnaire launched right into a combination tailored for a killing blow to the head. I think he was surprised when I ducked and scored a light strike on his shin as I moved to his exposed side.
A holler came from someone getting treated by a healer, “Damn it, Junius, the pretty boy got you good.” At least I knew my opponent’s name now. Junius’ face twisted in anger, which I knew fairly well. With a slight limp, he pressed into me in a flurry of strikes.
I remained on the defensive, letting him wear himself down. He was breathing heavily from his swings, and I noticed more than a few legionnaires’ eyes on us as Junius was not holding back. When I felt his blows get weaker on my shield, I made my move. I deflected his blade with my shield and then bashed my shield into his face, breaking his nose, followed by a sword strike to his knee. His knee buckled, and I backed away as he went to the ground.
I wasn’t sure if I had gone too hard by all the incensed looks I was getting. We had healing mages, and the damage I had done to Junius was nothing beyond what others had done this morning. Yes, his broken nose was flowing freely, but at worst, he would have a minor concussion. Not all the faces were sour, though.
An old man addressed the disoriented Junius, “I think you need more practice before joining us again. You are prohibited from joining us for a week.” The old man turned, looking among the men and pointed his blade at a man, “Gabin, you can teach the Chancellor’s Sentinel some swordplay.” The graying man stepped back, and I assumed he was going to watch.
Gabin was tall for a Telhian, almost six feet, and was younger than most others, probably in his late twenties. He had the same confidence as Junius as he stepped into my circle. He also didn’t wait to start as he attacked. He was much too fast for someone his size, and I had to retreat and still took a bruising strike on my thigh when I deflected his blade. Normally my leather skirt would have protected me.
I used this to my advantage, healing the injury but maintaining my limp to draw him in. I got my chance a few exchanges later, clipping his elbow, which caused him to loosen his grip on his sword. My shield opened his guard, and I stabbed his chest before retreating. “Without armor, a killing blow,” the old man announced flatly. His eyes showed he was not happy. “Gabin, get yourself healed. I will test the boy myself.”
I thought it best to introduce myself as this man seemed to be the one in charge. “My name is actually Eryk.”
He grunted, sucked his teeth, and spat, clearing his mouth, and, I think, a little bit of an insult, “Primus Legatus Legonis Scorpio.”
Shit. Primus, like the Primus in charge of the entire Legion of the Lion? Then I couldn’t help myself and said something stupid, “Should I let you win then?” I admit, it was not my smartest move, but I felt my treatment to date deserved a rebuke. If I lost, I could always claim I let him win. It was not the best logic, but it was too late now.
His brown eyes flashed in the morning sun with amusement and anticipation. He was ready to have a good time at my expense. I circled back as he worked toward me. He was strong for an old man, and then I remembered that essences could fortify your attributes, so even though he may look fifty, he was probably residing in the body of a twenty-year-old.
The first thing I learned is he was faster than me—by a wide margin. I was struggling to parry and block his attacks, and I was grateful for my recently enhanced dexterity. Only heartbeats passed during the rapid exchanges, and I was clearly at a disadvantage, but he paused, stepping back himself.
Grunting, he commented with a touch of respect, “Not terrible. You are not giving me an opening, but you can’t retreat forever in a battle. You have also given away too much of your tendencies. I now know all your weaknesses.” I really did not like this old man. I considered surprising him with an air shield but hesitated to reveal one of my spell forms. My hesitation cost me. In the following exchange, he got inside my guard, locked up my sword arm in his armpit, and head-butted me, breaking my nose.
I could feel my facial faucet running, but I focused my healing on clearing my disoriented head. After he released my arm, I stepped back and was ready to go again, but he left the circle, which meant he claimed victory—I think.
Everyone had paused their training, and I think I earned some respect from the others. A few nodded at me before continuing with their practice anyway. I had bested two of them and lasted almost a whole minute against their leader, the Primus. I ambled over and sat down on a granite bench, and let my nose drain freely. I waved off the mage coming to heal me as an excuse to watch the rest of the morning.
Junius and Gabin were not among the top nine as neither had started in the circles at sunrise. Still, both were good fighters. When the armorsmiths started to arrive for the day, I stood and followed Ignis in, carrying my auroch hide armor. “I was hoping you could make adjustments…” I never finished.
She rebuked me, “I don’t work with resin-hide armor, legionnaire. Go to the Eastern Legion Hall. They can help you there.”
I didn’t want to tell her I couldn’t wander the city alone. So, I decided to convince her to help. I produced another book from the library. This one detailed flexible bracers. They were not heavy bracers and looked more decorative by the pictures, but still, I knew she would be interested in the detailed images and techniques to make them.
Her eyes narrowed, but I could see the greed behind them. She took the book reverently and paged through it. She wasn’t even halfway through when she said snappishly, “Fine. I will take care of the armor. I still have the notes from the ceremonial set I made you. You can leave.” She waved me off while studying the images in the book.
I strapped on my sword and walked back to my tower with Junius as my escort to the gate. I thought he would be upset about being banned for two weeks; instead, he was talkative. “You impressed my father. He said you could join the morning practice again.” He held out a red token. “Present this to enter the Imperial Grounds, but do not approach the Palace.”
For the next ten minutes, I had to deflect question after question about who had trained me, what my preferred weapon was, what I was thinking during our fight, whether he telegraphed anything during the match, and other things I didn’t care to answer. It was clear he had invited me in hopes of embarrassing me and gaining some recognition among the others, particularly his father. Now, he was trying to get me to train with him. That was not going to happen. I was done with the Imperial Legionnaires.
I was happy to lose him on entering the Mage College grounds. My bloodied underclothes got a lot of stares as I made my way back to Zyna’s apartments. After cleaning up, I spent the rest of the morning in the alchemy lab.
Renna, Flora, and Livia arrived an hour after the lunch bell. They were all clearly excited about something, unable to contain their smiles. Renna spoke for the group, “Chancellor Zyna said you would teach us to fight today!”