I walked behind Marcel, who had a fast pace for a librarian. He smelled of sweet perfume as he pranced before us, and the crowded streets parted before him and his escort. We entered the main road that led to the Imperial Palace. The imposing palace approached rapidly as we followed the confident Chancellor. We reached a gate to the Imperial Grounds. There were four legionaries here with shiny steel armor with gold highlights. I assumed these were the Imperial Legionaries that served the Emperor directly.
Chancellor Marcel did not pause and walked between the guards into the grounds. The legionaries saluted him with their right palm flat on their left collarbone. This was the Emperor’s salute. Maybe it was because he was counsel to the Emperor. I was not going to ask. The fewer questions I asked of the man responsible for the College of Scholars, the better.
Instead of heading to the palace, we took a blue-veined marble paved path to the right through expansive and diverse flowering gardens. The kaleidoscope of colors passed rapidly as we got deeper into the Imperial district. I was starting to get nervous but maintained pace. There was a class of nine young children in the gardens. A bald man in blue robes was giving an explanation of one of the flowering trees. He was telling them where the tree normally grew on the continent, and that was all I caught as we were past the class.
We reached a series of modest homes on the other side of the vast gardens. Each home was made of plain gray granite and had a small personal garden out front. Short, white marble stones marked off the garden. Marcel walked up the steps, and I followed. The two legionnaire escorts turned and walked away. I paused to watch them.
Marcel also stopped and explained, “I only have an escort when I leave the grounds. If they thought you were a threat, they would have remained. Come inside; my wife should have lunch ready.”
Inside the stone dwelling, large windows dominated the walls, giving it lots of natural light. The spacious room was both a kitchen and dining room. A woman who appeared much older than Marcel smiled, “Ah, I see you found the boy you were looking for.”
“Damn near had to be Mercury zipping all across the city,” Marcel griped to the woman as he sat heavily at the table.
“You need to get out more anyway, Marcel. Sit, and we can eat. I am Sofia. I assume you are legionnaire Eryk.” She smiled as she placed a pot on the table. A tray of flat oval bread was soon added to the table. “Help yourself, Eryk. Consider my cooking payment for your knowledge.”
“Don’t be bought so cheaply, Eryk. Knowledge is more valuable than gold. Although, Sofia’s cooking is as well.” Marcel said, smiling at his wife. He took a piece of bread and then scooped a healthy portion of thick sauce with cubed meat and vegetables. I followed his example. Sofia poured wine for everyone and then joined us. The whole friendly atmosphere was a little surprising.
Marcel asked as he ate, “I read the report Yanis submitted for the trial. What do you remember about the storm giant?”
I chewed and swallowed and made a satisfied groan at the taste to earn a smile from Sofia’s. “He was big, maybe the height of five men. Much quicker than you would expect,” I answered.
“No. What was he wearing? What did he say?” Marcel asked with interest, studying me.
“I do not think he said anything. Mage Durandus just attacked him,” I replied and continued taking bites, waiting for questions.
Marcel frowned, “That is unfortunate. Storm giants are one of the few reasonable giants. How old was he?”
“I am sorry you are asking things I have no knowledge of. He had a beard that was light brown, if that helps,” I answered and tried the wine. It was flavorful but slightly acidic.
“I am sorry. I will try and direct my questions based on your background. Your accent, are you from Linshania?” He did not wait for an answer before adding, “The length of their beard usually determines a storm giant’s age. They would have certain color beads in it for their life’s accomplishments.”
“I am not from Linshania,” I said carefully. I was slightly worried Marcel may have the Truthseeker ability, so I planned not to offer any information. “The giant’s beard came to his waist,” I remembered. “He did have beads in his beard…but I can not recall the details. We left the body in the crater. I am sure the beads are still there.”
“Yes, yes.” He nodded. “Waist…at least a few centuries old then.” He sucked on his teeth, considering. “We are considering an expedition, but with the Bartiradians so close, it will take time to pull it together. Now, what about the city below the swamp?”
“We did not see it. Just Durandus’ saw it with his magic. He told me it was a city for the giants, but his power was not strong enough to explore it.” I replied and started eating again, hoping he had forgotten his line of questioning about where I was from.
Marcel went into another room and came back with a long rolled-up parchment. Sofia rolled her eyes at his excitement but cleared the table as he unrolled the map. He unrolled the map, and it looked like the Telhian Empire. Marcel eagerly said, “Now, where was the giant digging.”
It took me time to find Macha and the roads we patrolled. I guessed on a spot off the road, “Here. Or about here.” They both looked at it, and it was Sofia who spoke.
“It could be the city was submerged and silt built up over time. Look, mountains surround the swamp, making it a perfect bowl,” Sofia commented.
Marcel grumbled that he had not noticed first, “Never marry anyone smarter than you, Eryk. Not only will she always point out your mistakes, but she solves riddles before you.” He studied the map. “That does fit with the myth of the City of the Titans, Atlantium, being buried by a great flood.”
“Titans?” I asked, confused.
“The giants.” Marcel answered distractedly, studying the map, “Before elves, dwarves, humans, and orcs, the giants ruled all of Desia. They had one great city that was lost when they challenged the gods.”
Sofia chuckled, “He tries to romanticize it. The giant races ruled over all the others. It was not the gods but a great war among the storm, frost, fire, and cloud giants decimated their populations. They are just like us smaller folk but only bigger,” she chuckled.
Marcel griped, “That is simplifying the histories, Sofia.” He turned to me, “The giants destroyed all their cities in the war. Only the capital, the greatest city in all of Desia, Atlantium, remained. The myth goes all the other giant clans banded together against the storm giants. Having lost the war, the storm giants were exiled from the capital city. In retribution, the remaining storm giants summoned a massive and fierce storm that drowned all the other giant races in Atlantium.”
Sofia added, “Marcel believes powerful artificed items were buried with the city. He has been searching for it his entire life. He told all the children he has ever educated in the Scholarium the tale, hoping one day one of them will help find it for him.”
“Well, it worked! Yanis found him.” He pointed at me, not taking his eyes off the map. Sophia shook her head and sipped her wine. Marcel kept trying to dig details out of me, but I had very little to offer him, but I answered honestly.
After patiently answering all his questions for two hours and through two more helpings of stew and four glasses of wine, I eventually got bold enough to ask, “Chancellor Marcel, is there anything you can do to help Mage Castile with the Ducal Tribunal?”
“Ducal Tribunals are always political. And I do not become involved in politics,” Sofia nodded at Marcel’s statement. I decided not to press further and answered his questions as he ferreted everything he could from my memory.
He finally stood, “Legionnaire Eryk, thank you for your time. You enjoyed the wine, so Sophia, why do you not give him a bottle?”
As he walked me out, he explained, “At the bottom of the steps, wait for an Imperial Legionaire to escort you off the grounds. They do not take kindly to strangers wandering the grounds.” He clasped his wrists to mine in a handshake and handed me the bottle of wine. “Is that accent from Gongshuia?”
I had hoped he had forgotten about my accent. I did not get the feeling he had the Truthseeker ability during the questioning. I supplied to ease his curiosity, “I am from a tiny village in Tsinga. I joined a caravan transporting Tace wood. Made the mistake of sleeping in the wrong place and found myself conscripted.”
He nodded, “Ah yes, I can hear it in the undertones. Must be the eastern provinces of Tsinga,” he deduced. I nodded, agreeing with him. “Well, if we have a chance to talk again, I would love to hear your impressions of how the Telhian Empire is perceived further afield. My primary service to the Empire is researching the political climate in all of Desia and advising the Emperor.”
I almost told Marcel I was just an uneducated villager but held back and nodded, “Thank your wife for the wonderful meal.” I turned, and two Imperial Legionaries were waiting for me at the end of the walkway. I was a little spooked as they had not been close a few seconds ago.
Instead of walking me through the gardens, they walked me to a closer access point to the Imperial Grounds. Four Imperial Legionaries guarded this small door in the wall. I was pushed out into the streets, and the door was barred behind me. It kind of felt like I was the trash being thrown out.
I was in the upper city on a side street. I followed the Imperial Compound wall back to the main street. From there, I was able to get myself back to the Magistrate’s Hall. Out of sight of anyone, I moved the bottle of wine into my storage as I walked the halls to the Venus Room. When I arrived, the double-blue doors were open. The hallway and room were empty.
I was stunned for a moment before finding a white-robed magistrate, “Is the Tribunal finished in the Venus Room?”
He nodded immediately, “About an hour ago, the dukes left the building.”
He was going to keep going, but I stopped him, holding his arm. He looked at me, waiting patiently, “What was the decision?”
He looked confused, “I believe the mage was found guilty.” He sized up my appearance and clean-cut face, “I can bring you to records if you want to know the specifics?”
“Please do,” I nodded with a pit in my stomach. I was sure Konstantin would have the details as well. I followed the Magistrate through the building and into the basement, where a sprawling library was located. Dozens of white and yellow robes individuals weaved through the shelves of books and scrolls. My guide stopped a white-robed young man, and he rushed off.
“I will leave you here. Magistrate Marcus went to retrieve the records. He will help you, legionnaire.” He bowed and left.
The young Marcus returned a short while later with a scroll. He handed it to me, “Please be careful with it. It has not yet been transcribed into the histories.”
I unfurled the scroll and read it.
Ducal Tribunal of Mage Castile Duval
Sitting Dukes: Duke Vito of Camalmia Province, Duchess Victoria of Sobra Province, Duke Octavian of Sacegoes Province
Charge One brought by Duke Octavian: Retreating from the field of battle. Vote: Guilty 3-0, punishment: ten years of additional service without annual wage from the Emperor
Charge Two brought by Duke Octavian: Willful neglect of Empire Resources. Vote: Not Guilty 2-1
Charge Three brought by Duke Octavian: Conspiracy to the death of Mage Gregor. Vote: Not Guilty 2-1
Charge Four brought by Duchess Victoria: Conspiracy to the death of Master Mage Durandus. Vote: Not Guilty 3-0
Charge Five brought by Duke Ocativan: Conspicacy to the death of Displacement Mage Santino. Vote: Not Guilty 2-1
Charge Six brought by Duchess Victoria: Improperly holding a Tribunal of Mage Durandus’ Death. Vote: Not Guilty 3-0
I read the document twice, and Marcus asked, “This is the summary. I can gather the related documents if you wish, legionnaire.”
“No,” I rolled up the scroll with the Imperial Seal on it. “Where is Mage Castile then?” I had actually thought when I heard she was guilty, she would be executed.
Marcus turned and found someone I recognized as having stood guard on the door. He went and asked him and then returned. Marcus informed me, “Mage Castile left with her legionaries at the Tribunal’s conclusion.”
“Thank you, Marcus.” I turned and found my way out of the maze-like building. I was soon in the streets and heading toward the Eastern Legion Hall.