I felt secure in my little corner of the tower as I entered the dreamscape. Oscar was there to greet me, and I gladly spent a few minutes rubbing his furry belly. I planned to limit my time in the dreamscape to just four hours unless I knew I would not be disturbed. I spent my time studying the spell form tonight. I wanted to learn slow aging as soon as possible. When I returned from the dreamscape, it was dark outside, and apparently, no one had found me bundled in the weasel pelts. Still mentally fatigued from the goblin hunt, I returned for four more hours of study in the dreamscape.
It was still dark when I came out the second time, but I could hear Decimus working above. He apparently liked to talk to himself when he was exhausted. Eight hours in the amulet had washed away my fatigue like a full night’s sleep. I climbed the stairs to help him until sunrise—and breakfast.
The smell of peppermint was strong in the room, and I was hopeful my mouthwash was among his processes. “Decimus, how goes the alchemy?”
The pink man jumped in surprise. “Eryk? I was told you were off killing goblins.”
“That was yesterday. Today, I am hoping to get my peppermint wash.” I sniffed around the room, walking toward the strongest scent of peppermint.
“Ah yes, I purified the lavender yesterday and started in on the peppermint oil this morning. Maybe another day or two. Do you want to see the process?” The excitable pink alchemist asked. I indicated he should proceed. “Just like the lavender, you grind up the leaves into a mash. Then you use the same equipment for the water purification, but this time, you need pressure to force the oil into the air.”
As he explained the process, he didn’t understand the chemistry as much as a true scientist from Earth. I paid close attention; it was dangerous as hot liquids were under pressure as he worked. The final collection beaker had a slow drip of oil. I tapped the flask and tasked, “Why not cover the collection beaker? Couldn’t dust contaminate it?”
Decimus’ pupils, widended, surprised, “Are you sure you are not an alchemist? All my special collection beakers are being used.” He pointed at two tables that had a number of sealed beakers that were collecting fluids and gas from a maze of glass pipes.
He sniffed the peppermint oil, “This oil’s purity is generally not as important in balancing the reaction. The wash is just one cup of pure water, eleven drops of lavender oil, twelve drops of peppermint oil, some concentrated hawthorn berry juice, and a pinch of sapphire dust. Stir and activate with a wisp of aether!” He stopped the collection of the peppermint oil by removing the flame and moving a few appartarus. “I guess I have enough to make some if you want to watch.” He smiled, his bright white teeth beaming.
“Show me your skills,” I encouraged the pink man.
I watched as he took a large glass cup and measured out the water, carefully pipetted drops of lavender, and then peppermint oil. Nothing magical had happened. He took a pouch of powder and added a tiny pinch of the blue-white dust. “Sapphire dust,” he informed me. He then rapidly stirred the mixture. He paused and dipped his finger in, and the mostly clear concoction suddenly sparkled blue and emitted a glow. The glow faded, and Decimus frowned.
“Did it not work?” I asked at his disappointment. The air smelled like a peppermint aerosol.
“No, it was a success. The ingredient harmonization was not very strong, though. The stronger the glow when the aether catalyzes the ingredients, the better the potion.” He looked at his ingredients and mumbled to himself, “Probably didn’t wash the leaves well enough.”
I picked up the drink and sniffed it. A strong peppermint smell wafted from it. “So just take a sip, swish, and spit?” I asked reluctantly.
Decimus went to his alchemy book and read, “Peppermint wash is designed to cleanse the mouth and whiten teeth. A dose is one mouthful. Hold it inside for twenty heartbeats and spit it out. Do not swallow.”
“Bottom’s up.” I raised the glass and took a mouthful; about a quarter of the concoction filled my mouth. I held it for a moment and felt the familiar taste of peppermint spread, saturating my taste buds. A tingling feeling spread through my gums and to my teeth. Decimus was watching me closely. He seemed to realize something and grabbed a bucket for me to spit into. I spit into the bucket and ran my tongue across my teeth. The minty feeling remained, and my teeth felt polished.
Decimus tilted his head to look in my mouth. I showed him my teeth, “Ah, great, it worked!” He exclaimed. “My first time trying to brew this potion. Your teeth are whiter, and your gums look healthier! I might have to try it myself,” he mumbled softly, “After a few days, to ensure there are no side effects.”
I kept running my tongue over my teeth. My mouth really felt better; it felt like I had just swished a healing potion around it. “Why is this potion not more popular?”
“It is in the capital. But the cost.” He waved at his equipment, “I would charge maybe fifty silver for the two days of work involved in preparing the potion. And not all potions catalyze properly. If the aether didn’t combine the lavender and peppermint, my two days of effort would have been wasted.”
“Does that happen often? Failure?” I questioned.
He looked askance, “Not for me! I am quite good at monitoring the purification processes. But maybe the variant of peppermint I selected wouldn’t have harmonized with the lavender. Alchemy is very complex, legionnaire.”
The narrative has been taken without authorization; if you see it on Amazon, report the incident.
“How much to have you prepare me ten more cups?” I inquired.
Decimus frowned. “I don’t have time. This was a favor to you. Maybe after the winter when the herbs are fresh,” he offered. I sighed, took the cup with three doses remaining, and moved it to my dimensional space. Decimus frowned, realizing he wouldn’t get to try it.
“You said it has a short shelf life. Do you have a list of other things you need? I am supposed to keep you stocked,” I added, trying to plan out my day. The sky was graying from the early morning approaching. Decimus rapidly wrote a list on a torn piece of yellowing parchment, and I went to the dining room.
An unfamiliar servant directed me to the barracks on the east side of the Citadel. As I walked to the stone building, I realized that our company had been kicked out of the Citadel. Most of the company was inside the common room. Brutus chirped, seeing me, “Eryk, we thought you were caught in another clusterfuck with goblins.” I should have never taught him that word
I came and sat at his table with Felix, Firth, and Wylie. Everyone was smiling as they engaged me in conversation. Wylie asked, “How did the goblin hunt go? Blaze did not say much before he left to dig holes, and Flavius is never around.”
I pulled a jar of jam and bread toward me before answering, “It went well other than having to sleep in a barn. I think I can still smell the pigs on my clothes.” I leaned into Brutus, “Smell my breath.”
Brutus leaned away, interposing his hand to my mouth. “Is this some joke?” I grabbed his wrist, pulled it aside, and breathed into his face.
Brutus had been too slow to react. “What the…” he sniffed the air. “Is that mint? Been chewing on mint leaves? That gives you the shits, you know, Eryk.”
“No, it is a mouthwash the alchemist is working on. Fifty silver for four doses,” I replied to my table.
Firth said disgusted, “Do not get that pink man sidetracked. I would much rather have a healing potion in hand when my guts are spilling out than minty breath.” The table laughed and agreed with Firth.
In spite, I decided not to tell them about the importance of dental hygiene and asked, “So, how have things been on your end?”
Felix answered, “Great, now that the Duchess has been hiring the refugees to dig the holes. We just have four men out there guarding them now.”
I asked, “How will she feed all these refugees during the winter? At the rate they are arriving, it does not seem sustainable.”
Firth responded by slapping the table, “Exactly what I told Castile and the Duchess. Not that they listened to me. We have been patrolling the city at night to help the guard. Burglaries are starting to increase, and the citizens are blaming the refugees. Soon, things will boil over, I’ve seen it before.”
Brutus shook his head. “He exaggerates. There have only been two thefts from homes in the last two days, no more than normal.” He looked at me, “Maybe we can get you on a night patrol. I am sure a legionnaire with minty breath will pacify the angry populace.”
Adrian came and joined us at the table. “Eryk, where did you sleep last night? I sent Benito to find you.”
“I was in the northwest tower. We had a rough night handling the goblins. I just wanted some quiet.” I said, finishing my meal.
“Northwest tower? Ah, yes, I talked to the duchess about that. She said it was fine, but there are no fireplaces. It was also stripped of furniture,” Adrian informed me, chewing on his meal.
“I am fine with sleeping on the floor,” I said after a little thought.
“Good, we will move all the scouts there and Maveith as well.” Adrian laughed as I made an unhappy, surprised face. “Thought you would be alone?”
“Is Maveith part of the company, then? Has Konstantin returned then?” I asked.
The table got quiet, and Adrian shook his head. “Not yet. But the duchess has given the goliath permission to leave his service for Castile’s. As to Konstantin…he should have reported in by now.”
My heart raced a little in guilt. “Are we going to look for him, then?”
Adrian grimaced. “No. Other plans are being made. Scholar Favian has made progress.” I realized that Adrian’s grimace was twofold—one for Konstantin and one for the likelihood of having to enter the specter city of Caelora. “For now, you can find a bed somewhere to bring to the northwest tower and continue to help the alchemist.” His tone changed to commanding. “I do not want to hear you wandering off to look for Konstantin.”
I nodded in understanding. Adrian stood and left our table. “I could use some help carrying a bed to the northwest tower,” I asked my table. Everyone was suddenly done with breakfast and had somewhere else to be.
I found Maveith in the gardens and got him to help me carry a bed to the tower. Well, I had him carry the bed by himself, and I carried the musty-smelling mattress. I took a wooden bed from a dusty room in a wing of the Citadel. I probably should have asked, but people seemed busy, and the room had obviously not been used in some time.
Maveith was breathing heavily from the effort. “We need two more of these?” He was distressed as the heavy bed frame weighed nearly three hundred pounds and came in one piece. It was not fancy, just overbuilt.
“Three more if you want to sleep in the tower as well. Where have you been sleeping when you stay at the Citadel?” I asked while making the bed. I was not looking forward to sharing a room with Flavius.
Maveith said, “The old servant’s rooms.” He looked out the window, “This room does have a nice view.”
“We should get some heavy rope in case we need to escape out the window,” I said, looking out on the forest with Maveith.
“Why would you need to escape?” Flavius’ voice came from the stairs.
“You know, in case a dragon or some other creature was attacking the Citadel,” I replied smoothly.
Flavius studied the one bed in the room and looked across the space, maybe thirty feet across, with an archway to a circular staircase. “Dragon?” Flavius said, walking to a window. He looked down. “Maybe a rope wouldn’t be a bad idea. I will take care of it. Get me a bed?”
Maveith looked at me before agreeing, “Three more beds then.” He huffed and headed down the stairs. I followed him, and the next three beds were lighter and more manageable, but we were both coughing from the dust. After the midday meal, I finally made it into the woods with Maveith to forage for the alchemist. We returned before sunset.
The next four days proceeded with Maveith and I heading into the woods with Flavius. I rode and exercised Ginger while I searched with Maveith for ingredients. After four days, my mouth still felt clean and a little minty—the potion far exceeded my expectations.
Flavius split from us and went hunting, and we went foraging. All three of us searched for signs of Konstantin but did not find any. I used the amulet during the night, not expecting Flavius to grope me in my sleep. I also had Maveith’s bed next to mine, which was slightly of an error on my part. His loud breathing kept me awake if I tried to sleep without the amulet or an oblivion pill.
When we returned from the fourth day, there were forty soldiers and a number of wagons in the primary courtyard of the Citadel. They had blue and gold house colors. Brutus was with the gate guards, and we walked over to him. He explained, “Countess Asella Angella and First Citizen Boris Angella have arrived.” Brutus did not look too thrilled.
It had taken them a little longer to get here than expected. The countess was the Duchess’ mother, and Boris was her eldest brother. From what I had been told, the countess ruled a city near the border with the Bartiradians and thought it was a good time to visit her daughter with the war heating up. Things were about to get more interesting.