My practice with Maveith was not proceeding as I had envisioned. I was sprawled on the ground for the fifth time this afternoon. My ribs ached as Maveith extended his hand to help me to stand. “You are too bloody strong, Maveith,” I complimented him while wincing and focusing on secretly healing a cracked rib. I had not revealed my healing to Maveith, but he had gotten more aggressive with his swings when he noticed I had recovered quickly from his strikes.
“Your invisible shields are no fun to fight against either,” he rubbed his groin absentmindedly. He had run into one of the shields when we had started before becoming more cautious and intentionally kicking up more dust with his movements to reveal the air shields.
“I have had enough for today, you?” Maveith nodded in agreement, replacing his club on his belt.
The practice yard had five young citadel guard recruits drilled by the guard’s captain while I practiced with Maveith. They watched in disbelief as I, for the most part, held my own against the massive goliath. That was until I had recently run out of aether and had to block his club with my standard shield.
What I learned was I never wanted to be struck by a giant. Maveith’s full-force swing was strong enough to shatter my air shield in one swing. That was how he hit me for the first time. The shield slowed his club enough that he just knocked me to the ground, but still, I did not think it was fair. He was also faster than a man his size should be. His second successful strike surprised me with a snap-leg kick to my chest. I had not thought he would use his feet in a fight.
We walked toward the dining room, but I was covered in sweat and dirt. I was still unsure how my relationship with Lareen would play out. She was no longer going to be my attendant. She was also clearly carrying a torch for her friend in the Dragon Legion. We ended up being early for dinner and were given trimmings of the unfinished roast and loaves of fresh herb bread. Maveith made a sandwich the size of my head and had no trouble consuming it. I filled up on the meat, folding it into sliced bread. Flavius arrived as we were finishing the early meal.
“You two will be coming with me to handle the goblin problem,” Flavius said in a commanding statement. As he sat, servants placed plates in front of him. I waved the servant to get me some of the vegetables Flavius had been given.
I recalled something, produced a pouch from under the table, and tossed it to Flavius. He caught the soft toss, and a look of recognition came across his face. I explained, “After you left with Mage Sebastian, I carried your pack. I thought you would want that back. One gold, eight silver.”
Flavius was surprised and softened. “Thank you, Eryk.” He put his coin pouch away. I had not taken anything from it, and I was sure he would confirm that later in private.
Maveith looked to Flavius, “I am happy to be working with you. It feels like I am part of the company.”
“Goliaths cannot be Legion,” Flavius stated flatly.
“Why not?” I asked. “Maveith would make a hell of a legionnaire. Would cost ten times what a normal man would to clothe and feed him, but he would be ten times as valuable on the battlefield.”
Maveith disagreed with shoveling more food into his mouth, “I only eat twice what a normal man eats, Eryk.” He finished swallowing and added, “And a goliath is worth about five men on the battlefield.”
His absolutely serious delivery had Flavius and me make eye contact and then laugh. Flavius commented with a grin, “I would gladly fight beside a goliath. They are great at drawing the enemy attacks,” Flavius absently stripped the meat from a drumstick with his teeth.
“I can see what you mean. No longer being the tallest man in our company would be welcome. How about it, Maveith? Join Castile’s company?” I asked in jest.
Adrian walked into the dining room, and he had obviously been listening, “I can make that happen. You cannot be a legionnaire, Maveith, but you can be logged as a huntsman, guide, or porter for the company.”
“Huntsman?” Maveith’s deep voice rang out in the hall, focused on the first job.
Adrian sat and talked while he was served. “Huntsman is a mix of guide and purveyor of supplies, basically an additional scout for the company. They are also expected to help us in a fight. Delmar has paid a few in the past to keep our supplies topped off when we are not near a Legion Hall.” He started eagerly on the food placed before him. “Guides are locals that help us in unfamiliar terrain but do not fight with us.”
“I think he would make a great porter,” I rejoined the conversation. I assumed a porter just carried the legion gear.
Adrian was cleaning a chicken leg, “We usually only use porters when we cannot bring horses along for an extended assignment outside the cities.” Adrian sipped his goblet of wine, “Also, Maveith is contracted to the duchess as a warden, so we would need her to release him from her service.” He sized up the goliath, “But I would welcome you as well. Castile wouldn’t be opposed either.”
Maveith was reflecting on the offer as he took advantage of the continuous plates of food being delivered by the servants. “I would have to travel with you? Leave me cabin?”
Adrian nodded. “Contracts are usually termed, and paid up front. You would travel with us and be given a Legion of the Lion badge. It will allow you to use the Legion Halls with us.”
I was confused and asked, “I thought the Empire did not allow non-humans?”
Flavius answered me with a serious tone, “Mage Commanders have more discretion. I have seen halflings and even a dwarf attached to a mage company in the past.”
Maveith’s voice rumbled. “I will consider your offer. I have many endeavors going on at my cabin.” He looked to be thinking and whispered to himself, “I have missed having others to talk to. My fellow wardens generally don’t like company.”
Blaze came in with Lucien, “We moved our packs to the barracks, Adrain. When are the guests arriving?”
“Thank you, Blaze. They arrived in the portal in Parvas yesterday. So maybe five days to make their way down the trade road,” Adrian answered.
I inquired, “Can I move into the northwest tower instead? The floors below the alchemist are empty.” Adrian looked thoughtful, so I added, “Would make it easier as I am helping him gather ingredients and have to help one day a week with his apparatus.”
Adrian slowly nodded. “I will ask Castile and the Duchess. Perhaps we will move a few of the company there. It is at the outer wall?”
I confirmed, “It is. About one hundred feet is cleared from the wall to woods, and the view looks out over the trees.”
“Good. I will let you know when you return from your goblin hunt.” Adrian took his wine goblet and left the dining hall, presumedly to talk with Castile.
I had some idle talk with Lucien about how Ginger was doing. Maveith, of course, informed everyone at the table that Ginger was housetrained, which got a lot of laughs until they understood he was absolutely serious. Lucien gave me a curious look, and I just shrugged. It wasn’t like I had trained the horse. Maveith really did have a big mouth. I would have to be cautious about what I said and did around him in the future.
I went to my room, probably for the last time, and drew a bath. The water was actually hot this evening, so the servant with the spell form to heat metal was on duty. Without Lareen around, I did my best to clean up and pack for tomorrow’s expedition. I briefly wondered how Konstantin was doing in his search for signs of the Elven High Mage Summoner. I was sure he was fine and didn’t feel guilty at all for not going with him.
I was in bed early and considered using the amulet. Lareen was already aware of it, so there would be no harm. I much preferred the controlled dreamscape to the unpredictable nightmares I seemed to have. Also, I missed Oscar. I entered the dreamscape and played ball with Oscar for a time before taking a seat in the comfy chair to study the spell form for slow aging. Oscar stretching out in my lap.
It was much more complex than the other spell forms, and there were a number of warnings in the text about mistakes not to make. For instance, I could write the spell form accidentally and not include all of my body. Granted, this was less likely since the warnings were directed at mages who did not have a high enough time affinity to imprint the spell form. Still, I would proceed with caution.
I was a few hours in when a voice cut my studies. “Where is this place?” I snapped up to see Lareen standing in the middle of the entry chamber.
Oscar looked at me and then at Lareen. “Thanks for letting me know, boy.” I stood up, Oscar hoping off my lap and his bob tail wagging as he went to greet Larenn. “Lareen, what are you doing here? Did you channel aether into my amulet?” A thousand things were going through my mind right now. I thought the worst-case scenario was she would pick up the amulet again and take me out of the space. I had not thought two people could utilize the amulet at the same time.
Lareen was walking toward the shelf of books, and I intercepted her, “Did you channel aether into my amulet? The one under my shirt?” I repeated with a little bite this time.
Lareen was trying to read the titles from twenty feet away, but I kept blocking her. “What? Yes. I figured out what it was. This is pretty boring.” She gestured to the rock chamber. “I thought you had a better imagination than this Eryk.” She was walking toward the opening of the ankheg room since I blocked her path to the bookshelf.
“You need to leave,” I said firmly. Lareen ignored me and continued to the next room. I followed her to the chamber. Adrian, Xavier, Lucien, Maveith, Konstantin, and Blaze were playing cards at a table. I had set up the poker table out of some guilt, as I did not know how real these dreamscape people were. I figured I could at least give them something to do.
Konstantin stood eagerly. “Are you ready to get some practice and stop wasting time studying books, Eryk?”
Lareen paused, processing what she saw, so I rushed back and exited the dreamscape. I found Lareen straddling me with her hand under my shirt, holding the amulet. I pushed her off and sent the amulet to my dimensional storage.
Lareen rolled to the floor with a thud, disoriented. Lareen quickly gained her senses. “Why did you do that?” she said, dismayed.
“I did not give you permission to use the amulet,” I growled.
“It is a dreamscape amulet! We can do anything inside it.” She looked confused. “Why are you upset?”
“Did you tell anyone I had this?” I asked, forcing myself to cool off.
“What? No? I just figured it out this afternoon. I was thinking about the dungeon artifacts we studied at the emperor’s palace; it was the only thing that made sense.” She stood and went defensive, rubbing her hip, which had bounced on the floor. “I can keep a secret.” She said indignantly.
I relaxed. I briefly thought maybe she could tell me more about the device so I could use it more effectively. I shook my head. “Please do. It is precious to me, and this private space is the only way to get a good night’s sleep.” I looked at her pleadingly.
“But…” She started. “What were you reading?” She didn’t realize it was the wrong question. I decided that maybe I couldn’t afford to trust her. Too many secrets were on those shelves.
“It is not important. Just do not tell anyone about it.” I redirected the conversation. “I need to pack,” I said, grabbing a glow stone. “The legionnaires are being sent to the barracks.”
Lareen frowned, biting her lip. “That isn’t for a few days. We still have a few nights together.”
I said with manufactured disappointment, “No, I am leaving tomorrow to hunt goblins,” I informed her. I started packing the new armor that the duchess had made for me. Lareen sat on her heels on the bed in her nightshirt, watching me and not helping. I was worried about what was going on in her mind. I dressed in my old armor and bundled the new armor for transport.
As I finished bundling up the armor, Lareen pleaded, “I am sorry. I won’t tell anyone about your dungeon amulet. We still have tonight.”
I shouldered my backpack, “I have a few things to get done before dawn.” I nodded, started walking out of the room, and turned around. I approached the bed, and Lareen looked hopeful, but I grabbed my griffin down pillow before continuing my dramatic exit. I walked the empty hallway at night, headed toward the northeast tower. Maybe Decimus was awake.
Decimus was sleeping in his cot in the dimly lit alchemy lab. A lot of burners had been doused or were no longer heating anything. At least the man was getting some needed rest. I went to the floor below and sent the new armor to my storage. I retrieved one of the weasel pelts and my pillow to sleep on the stone floor. It was definitely getting colder at night. I tossed and turned while I tried to sleep. I had never been good in relationships, but everyone would agree Lareen was in the wrong here, not me. I thought maybe I should talk with her before I left and apologize anyway. Even when I was right, my past girlfriends always appreciated my capitulation when we argued, and I needed Lareen to keep my secret.
I didn’t see Lareen at breakfast, and Flavius was anxious to leave even though we were not expected to leave until after midday meal. Shortly after breakfast, Blaze, Flavius, Maveith, and I were walking down the road toward the farm with goblin problems.