I woke in the middle of the night, not being able to sleep. I wandered around the building. Most rooms were lit softly by a single glowstone embedded in the stone. I found a small, empty, private bathroom with running water and a mirror. It must be for a mage commander, but it was currently barren of personal possessions. Looking in the mirror, my beard had grown in. I decided to access my barber’s kit and clean up. The straight-edge razor was new to me, but I could quickly heal the skin even if I nicked myself. Experimenting, I found the key was finding the right angle and using light, short strokes. I applied the face balm and looked much better in the mirror. I put the kit away and continued my wandering of the Eastern Legion Hall.
The complex was huge. There were classrooms, offices, private bedrooms, dining rooms, and a very large kitchen. “Can we get you something?” A pudgy cook who was preparing the morning meals asked.
Since I was here…“Ham steak and scrambled eggs?” I asked hopefully.
The cook motioned for another of the kitchen staff to fill my request as she appeared to be in charge and focused on the dough she was kneading. I asked, “Is this building always so quiet at night?”
“No! This is the quietest it has been since the last Duke’s coronation. Back then, the Emperor sent two thousand legionaries to his province’s Citadel to show his support,” the cook continued to roll the dough with her well-muscled forearms and hands. I sat across from the woman on a stool and waited for my food. The cook cracked five eggs and added a milk, pepper, and salt splash before whisking them. A hand-sized ham steak was placed in a separate pan with bacon fat. It was not long before a plate of heaping scrambled eggs covering a thick ham steak was put in front of me.
As I ate, the head cook asked, “You are one of the men from Castile’s company?”
“I am, but I have only been with them for a month,” I replied after swallowing a mouthful. This was just my fifth week which seemed impossible after all the shit I had been through. “How many mage companies are in the city?” I asked before shoveling another forkful of eggs in.
“Normally, we have twenty or so mages and five hundred legionaries in Eastern Legion Hall. Tomorrow morning, we are only cooking for three mages and a hundred or so legionaries,” the cook said while cutting the bread into small chunks to bake the rolls. “The Imperial Legion Hall has over two thousand legionaries and gods knows how many mages. The Mage War College is not far from the Imperial Legion Hall.”
“And the Western Legion Hall?” I asked, finishing my plate. The cook who made it took it away and left a steaming cup of tea in its place.
The head cook slapped each piece of dough hard on a tray to get the shape she wanted and then slid it into the oven. She then answered my question, “The Western Hall has maybe two thousand legionaries as well, but a portion of those are in training and not true legionaries yet.” I did not have time to talk further as Konstantin walked into the kitchen.
“Figures you found your way to a meal,” he said with a light tone. “Eryk, we are leaving soon. Gear up. Smart move getting breakfast. We may not have time to eat all day,” Konstantin advised.
The middle-aged cook addressed the scout, “Konstantin, you old goat. There is a basket of hot meat buns warming in the oven.” I had never seen Konstantin get flustered before as the cook addressed him. But he was shaken as he looked at the cook and processed her words.
“Gilda?” Konstantin showed familiarity with the cook. “What are you doing here?”
“You know why I am here. Take the buns,” the cook said with a slight smile and a wave of her hand.
Konstantin’s eyes hardened slightly at his acquaintance and ordered, “Eryk, get the buns into your space and get your armor on.” He spun and left, shaking his head.
I added a basket of twelve meat buns to my space and returned to our room. I dressed in my clean armor while the others waited in me. We left in the dark, and I had a chance to ask Konstantin, “Old lover?”
“Gilda? Gods mercy, never,” Konstantin rasped. “No, we both work for the same woman,” he talked low enough so the others did not hear. “If Gilda is here, someone is not long for this world.” Realizing he said that a little too loud, he gruffly walked ahead of me. So, the cook was an agent of the Praetorian Guard that Konstantin worked for. She was probably an assassin, by his words. The pudgy woman did not look like a fighter. Knowing the agents could be anywhere was good as I never would have suspected the cook.
We returned to the Magistrate building before the sun had broken the sky. The door between the statues had two legionaries in metal armor. Konstantin noted, “They have the insignia of Duke Octavian. He must already be inside.”
We entered the building, and there were a number of men and women in the white robes of the magistrate walking the halls. The place was much busier than in the middle of the night. Konstantin stopped and asked questions while we waited. When he returned, he told us what he had learned, “The Ducal Tribunal will be in the Venus Room. I have directions. They are still waiting on Duke Vito, so have not started.”
We followed Konstantin to a corridor with a large double-blue door. There was a mural painting taking up the entire opposite wall. The painting was lifelike and had a woman exiting the ocean’s surf. She was naked with long, flowing dark blonde hair and mesmerizing sky-blue eyes that seemed to follow you. I was not the only one staring. “Why is this painting in the magistrates building?” Benito asked.
Konstantin studied the image longer than he needed to, “This building was not always the building for the Imperial Magistrates and for training the Truthseekers. It served some other purpose in the past.”
A man in white robes overheard our conversation and informed us, “That is right, legionnaire. This used to be the villa for Duke Latrell when he stayed in the capital. He challenged the Emperor and was beheaded, and all his property seized. This building became the Magistrate’s office. All of the amazing artwork has been preserved.” He focused on Konstantin, “Are you here for the Ducal Tribunal of Mage Castile?”
Konstantin nodded, “We gave statements last night to Truthseekers. We are here in case our statements are questioned, or further explanation is required.”
The man in white robes nodded in understanding. “Only the accused, her Advocate, the Imperial Truthseeker, and the Tribunal are allowed in the room. If witnesses are requested, they will be summoned.”
Konstantin ground his teeth. He was obviously frustrated at being helpless. A man in purple and gold robes walked down the center of the corridor. He was overweight and had an air of self-importance. The white-robed magistrate met him, “Duke Vito. This way, please.” He opened the blue double door, and immediately, arguing voices spilled out of the room. The doors absorbed sound as the corridor had been silent before they opened.
I only got a brief glimpse into the room. Castile was standing next to a man in yellow robes. Her back was to us, and she was facing a table with three seats. Two seats were filled with Duke Octavian and a young woman who I assumed was Duchess Veronica. The argument that was interrupted was between Octavian and the yellow-robed man. I assumed that was Castile’s Advocate. Nico, the old Truthseeker from last night, walked from a door inside the courtroom to join the proceedings. Duke Vito went to join the other two dukes. The white-robed man shut the blue doors behind Duke Vito, and we were cut off from the scene and all sound.
The white-robed man then stood in front of the door like a guard. Konstantin pulled us to the side. Benito asked, “What is the plan?”
Konstantin said, “We wait.” he leaned against the painting of Venus. The white-robed man frowned, and Konstantin stood away from the painting.
It was almost an hour before Paval asked, “What is going on inside?”
Konstantin started to answer, but the white-robed man surprisingly answered for him, happy to help, “The charges will be read. Each charge will be dealt with one at a time. Each of the Tribunal members will have a turn to ask questions of the accused. The Truthseeker will verify the answers of the defendant. Then, the Advocate has a chance to ask the final questions. Then each Tribunal member votes on the charge.”
“What about our statements?” Benito asked.
The white-robed man nodded, “They were copied and given to the Dukes last night. Duke Octavian was questioning their addition to the formal records when the doors opened.” The man had a slight smile, “Do not worry, legionaries. Justice is always based on the evidence presented.”
“What about the evidence not presented,” I muttered.
The white-robed man focused on me, “You would make a good magistrate legionarie. Yes, missing evidence or questions not asked can lead to verdicts that are undeserved. Have no worries. Your Mage has one of the best Advocates in the Hall. Duchess Veronica personally requested him.”
Another hour passed, and the blue doors did not open. “It seems to be taking a long time,” Bentio stated to his rumbling stomach.
“Hand out the buns,” Konstantin muttered to me.
I produced the basket of buns, and we each took one. I offered one to the white-robed man, and he reluctantly accepted. Benito took possession of the basket, and slowly, the buns were consumed. Hours passed, and even the Magistrate guarding the door seemed to get fidgety.
A man in blue robes, followed by two legionaries in metal armor, came down the corridor to our room. The man was slightly out of breath and addressed everyone, “This is the Tribunal for Mage Castile?”
The white-robed man guarding the door answered, “It is. They are still in deliberation, Chancellor.”
He looked at us, “And you are her legionaries?”
Konstantin moved to stand before the blue-robed man, “We are. What does the Collegium Scholarium want with the Tribunal?” Konstantin was both confused and hopeful.
“Truthseeker Yanis came to us this morning with a copy of a testimony. We wish to interview any legionaries who were part of the storm giant slaying,” he said, and all my fellow legion mates turned their eyes to me.
The man, who I assumed was a Chancellor, instantly said, “Ah, you must be Eryk. The legionnaire who gave the original statement. Who else was with you when the mighty storm giant was defeated?” I looked to Konstantin, who nodded.
I was slightly nervous and answered truthfully, “Legionaries Brutus and Flavius are the only two others who have survived. Master Mage Sebastian took Flavius. Brutus—is in Carahagan. He missed the portal to the capital.”
Konstantin stepped forward, intervening, “What does the College of Scholars want with the legionaries?”
“Just to question them. Nothing nefarious. We will take this one,” he pointed at me, “And you can send the others when they arrive.” The man handed Konstantin a wrapped scroll.
Konstantin unrolled it and looked up surprised, “The Emperor’s seal?”
The blue-robed man bowed, “I am Marcel, Counsel to the Emperor and Chancellor of the Collegium Scholarium. Truthseeker Yanis is my nephew. My time is precious to me, and I have already been to Eastern Legion Hall and back today.” He wiped his forehead of sweat.
“Go with him, Eryk. When they finish with you, check here for us first and then the Legion Hall. I will want to talk with you as well,” Konstantin said with a note of curiosity.
It did not feel like this was voluntary. The two legionaries in steel armor flanked me, and we all followed an excited Marcel out of the Magistrate’s Hall. The Chancellor was a little too excited, in my opinion.