【Adventurer Mitran】Life in This World
* * *
“Wah! Wait, wait a minute, Emi-chan!”
I called out desperately to Emi-chan, who was confronting the three villains.
Why was I desperate?
It’s because I’m scared!
My legs are shaking and my body is trembling!
Emi-chan is asking them “How do you want to die?” and is clearly intent on killing them on the spot!
“For now, please suppress that 【Intimidation】! Leseida-san will die from the murderous intent!”
“…………”
Hearing Leseida-san’s name, Emi-chan finally reacted and glanced in our direction.
Her eyes were… cold.
Her expression hasn’t changed from earlier, but… that’s what I felt.
In other words, that was the kind of atmosphere.
“Hey, let’s calm down, okay? Emi-chan… your eyes are scary…”
Those eyes had no hesitation about hurting others.
They were eyes that didn’t care at all about human life.
I’ve only been with Emi-chan for a short time, but I know that despite being a bit eerie and mysterious, she sometimes shows human qualities and has enough humanity to care about Leseida-san.
That’s why I might have been sad.
Because Emi-chan’s… those eyes.
They had the same coldness as the villains’…
“Don’t interfere.”
Emi-chan listened to my words and eased her 【Intimidation】, but her murderous intent didn’t seem to subside at all.
She said that to me curtly…
Crack!
Making such a sound and creating large cracks in the stone floor… she took a step, then another step, approaching the villains.
“Hiih!”
“S-Stay away!”
Two of the three, the eyepatch duo, were so terrified that they could no longer even hold their weapons and were trembling on their butts.
The largest one, the bearded man, somehow managed to raise his machete, but his face was pale.
Large drops of sweat were flowing down his face.
“Such extraordinary murderous intent… Does Emi-kun have some kind of grudge against them…?”
“Leseida-san!”
Leseida-san staggered slightly and stood next to me, unable to call out to Emi-chan due to her overwhelming presence.
“W-What should we do, Leseida-san? At this rate… Emi-chan will kill them!”
I spoke to Leseida-san in a panic.
At this rate, Emi-chan will become a murderer!
…But.
“…? What of it?”
Leseida-san’s answer was cruelly indifferent.
“Huh…”
“I see… Mitran-kun, you are… kind.”
Leseida-san showed a troubled smile to my dumbfounded self.
“Mitran-kun, those guys are villains. You saw it, right? How they killed someone in the upper levels of these ruins. They have already crossed a line they can’t come back from.”
…I see.
That’s right, this isn’t… Japan.
It’s another world.
Life… is not respected just for existing.
Especially when dealing with dangerous villains.
Emi-chan and Leseida-san, who are from this other world, have no hesitation in killing those villains.
That way of thinking is rational.
If they let them live, they might be attacked when their guard is down.
So they kill them.
As an adventurer… this is probably a situation where they should make that judgment.
Right here, right now.
“But… still…!”
Is it okay?
Is it really okay!?
Because they’re villains, it’s okay to kill them.
Is that really true!?
Is it really okay to make Emi-chan a murderer!?
I don’t know.
I don’t know…
The time given to me to reach a conclusion is too short.
While I was standing there dumbfounded, Emi-chan.
Step by step.
Approaching the villains.
Finally, her fist.
That terrifying fist that can even destroy the walls of the ruins.
…She raised it in front of her chest.
But that’s when it happened.
“…………!!”
The first one to notice was Emi-chan.
Emi-chan glanced at the door in a different direction from the one we came in and… jumped far back, away from the villains again.
“!? Emi-chan.”
At the moment I tried to ask what was wrong.
Crack, crack!
With a sharp sound… suddenly, X-shaped cracks appeared on the metal door!
And then!
BOOM!!
This time, that door was blown away with tremendous force!
“What is it!?”
Leseida-san covered his face with his arms and shouted.
Rising dust cloud.
The one who appeared from it, with the sound of footsteps, clank, clank.
It was the “Ruins Plunderer” Ibrabarleg, holding a long, eerie sword with a blade that shone red like blood.
“O-Oh! Sir! Is that the Magic Sword ‘Soul Devourer’!?”
The villains’ spirits lifted all at once at Ibrabarleg’s sudden appearance!
The bearded large man shouted that with a happy look.
“Alright! That’s an awesome weapon! We’re saved!”
The long-faced eyepatch man, having completely regained his energy, was jumping up and down with joy.
“Hehehe, hehehehe! Sir, show them the power of that sword! Hehe, we were in a bit of a pinch! But now that you’re here, we can relax!”
The square-faced eyepatch man ran up to Ibrabarleg, grinning and bowing his head while rubbing his hands together.
“Hmm, showing the power of the sword… Very well.”
Ibrabarleg smiled.
Hearing those words, the square-faced eyepatch man became even more cocky!
“Hehehehe! Hey, did you hear that, you bastards! This is, uh, what do you call it, an amazing magic sword! Hehehe, you saw it, right? How sir just slashed the door away! Hehehe, hehehehe! You’re done for! Prepare yourselves!!”
Turning back in this direction, he shouted while spitting.
But.
His distorted smile didn’t last long.
Because.
“Huh… ha…?”
The next moment, from his chest.
With a slice.
A bright red blade protruded.
“W-Why…?”
The square-faced eyepatch man asked, trembling in confusion and coughing up blood.
To his employer, the gentleman with a deep-brimmed hat and a well-groomed goatee, standing behind him.
The “Ruins Plunderer” Ibrabarleg.
The man who suddenly stabbed him, even though they were supposed to be allies.
But Ibrabarleg.
Without answering that question.
After drooling a single line.
“…Ihihi.”
He laughed creepily.