Contemplating Magic Manipulation Suddenly Turned Into Murderous Intent…!
* * *
It’s been about 2 months since I started training, and it’s now the dead of winter.
The white snow fluttering and dancing is blown by the strong wind, mercilessly striking my cheeks.
I stand on the edge of a cliff and peer down below.
There, waiting for me, is Master, looking smaller than a sesame seed.
<A-are you really going to do this, Emi…?>
Of course!
Come on Extra-sama, what are you getting scared for!
It’s fine, you know I won’t get hurt no matter how high I fall from at this point!
Theoretically.
<Well, even if that’s true in theory, it’s still scary, isn’t it?>
Anyway, this is the challenge Master has given me.
Whether it’s scary or not, I have no choice but to do it!
So, I’m gonna jump now, Extra-sama.
Okay, 3… 2… 1… boing~~!
<Wai-, I-, I’m not mentally ready ye-… Aaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!!!>
With Extra-sama’s scream echoing in my head, I threw myself off the cliff.
That said, I have no intention of dying whatsoever.
Despite being exposed to the fierce wind pressure, I somehow control my posture and stare at the rapidly approaching ground.
Watch me, Master!
This is… the result of my training!!!
* * *
On the day Master gave me a passing grade for my 【Silverfish】,
Extra-sama and I were scratching our heads, trying to figure out how to replicate Master’s ‘soundless landing’.
<The moment he landed, there was almost no physical impact, but I saw magical energy spreading out in ripples from his feet.>
That was Extra-sama’s observation.
And I, who had been observing Master with 【Magic Perception】, agreed with that.
In other words, Master is spreading out magical energy like that to suppress the impact?
Magic is truly all-powerful.
It was an answer we could easily arrive at if we observed closely, but…
<Manipulating magic to spread it out in ripples. Emi, this is a magic manipulation you haven’t done before, right?>
Hmm, yeah, that’s true.
How do you even do that?
Grrr!
Just like when I learned 【Body Strengthening】 in the forest, it’s hard to even imagine a new magic manipulation since magic didn’t exist in my previous life!
<Ah, if it’s about a starting point…>
Extra-sama seemed to have noticed something here.
<You should have experienced ‘spreading out magical energy’ yourself up until now, Emi.>
Huh?
<To be precise, it’s not ‘spreading out magical energy’ but ‘releasing magical energy’. Although there are slight differences in magic manipulation, it’s safe to say that the roots of these techniques are almost identical.>
‘Releasing magical energy’?
You mean Torch’s magic?
No way, if I were hit by that, I’d evaporate in an instant…
Other than that, something I’ve experienced?
Hmm…
Ah, could it be Master’s 【Intimidation】?
<Yes, that’s right, Emi. 【Intimidation】 is essentially a technique of intentionally releasing powerful magical energy to make the opponent cower, in other words, ‘Magic Release’.>
So, practicing 【Intimidation】 might bring me one step closer to replicating Master’s technique?
<It’s just a possibility. But let’s try it for now? Even if it’s wrong, learning 【Intimidation】 won’t be a loss.>
Alright!
Then let’s start training right away!
Fortunately, since Master is constantly emitting 【Intimidation】 on a daily basis (saying it out loud, what kind of master is he?), it’s easy to imagine.
Letting magical energy out.
Releasing it.
I think this is the opposite of magic manipulation like 【Body Strengthening】 and 【Presence Concealment】 that keep magical energy inside the body.
Thinking that way, it might be surprisingly easy to learn.
I temporarily release the 【Body Strengthening】 I’ve been unconsciously maintaining and focus on the reverse flow of magical energy.
Intentionally increasing the magical energy leaking out of my body.
Whew, this is tiring.
Um, when Master uses 【Intimidation】, there’s something like killing intent riding on the magical energy, so I try to imitate that too.
Killing intent… Hatred…
I try expressing those feelings I’ve pushed deep into the depths of my heart without reservation.
I picture the faces of the monsters that chase me, the people who persecute me, the gods who abandoned me, the thieves, the people of Fenoben Village, my father and mother, my classmates from my previous life, my “family” from my previous life, one by one.
Die. Die. Die. …Die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die die… Kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill…
Bonk!
Suddenly, a fist dropped on my head.
Turning around, I saw Master, who had finished chopping firewood and returned to the room, standing with his arms crossed like a guardian deity.
Master let out a sigh, grabbed me by the scruff of my neck, and threw me out the front door.
The door slammed shut with a bang.
…I got scolded.
It seems my poorly executed 【Intimidation】 was unpleasant to him.
I’m sorry, Master…
<E-Emi… I knew it, but the depths of your darkness are quite considerable…>
No, no, this is normal, Extra-sama.
Everyone carries darkness within them, and yet they walk towards the light!
<Is that so…?>
It is.
Anyway, let’s practice 【Intimidation】 outside since I’ll get scolded.
And so, I spent the whole day until dinner time practicing【Intimidation】under the eaves.
In the meantime, Master came to check on me a few times.
I mean, I suddenly started releasing 【Intimidation】 filled with killing intent, so I’m sure Master was more worried about me than annoyed. And the meat served for dinner was a little bigger than usual.
As I thought, Master is kind.
I like him.