The Floating Skeleton, the Floating Skeleton
* * *
Zu-pa-pa-pa-pa, BAGON!!
The pebbles and the door were fired at me all at once—from the two floating skeletons standing side by side!
Fast!
“…………”
But not fast enough that I can’t dodge!
I started running along the wall, dodging everything.
『Hmm, she dodged that?』
『As expected of a challenger who has come this far, she’s on a different level. She’s a monster.』
But the floating skeletons’ attacks naturally didn’t end there!
Although their jaws dropped, as if surprised by my movements, they weren’t that flustered.
Immediately, “without chanting”… they each created crackling, yellow orbs of lightning on their palms, and threw them at me!
“!!”
I increased my speed further, dodging the first two.
Bachi! Bachi!
The lightning orbs hit the wall, exploding violently!
But…!
<Emi! The remaining two are homing projectiles!>
As Extra-sama shouted, the remaining two orbs are crackling, chasing after me!
“Rah!”
I picked up another stone from the floor, crushed it, and scattered the fragments into the air.
Bachi! Bachi!
The lightning orbs, hitting the small stone fragments, exploded, disappearing with a bright flash.
『She even shook off the 【Thunder Balls】! That’s amazing! Although she looks like a little girl… perhaps her age isn’t as it appears?』
『Either way, let’s control the area. 【Fire Field】.』
The two floating skeletons, following my movements with their eyes, as I ran around the room, muttered something, and their eye sockets once again glowed crimson.
And then, the next moment!
Circular, crimson ‘lines’, starting from the shadows of the two floating skeletons, ran across the floor, towards the walls!
And then…!
Voom… VO-VO-VO-VO-VOOM!
A beat later, the entire floor of the room… was engulfed in flames!
『Fuhahahaha! You’ll be burned to the boneーーー!』
The floating skeletons, convinced of their victory, guffawed, protected from the flames and heat by some kind of barrier!
But!
“RAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
If I can’t run because the floor is covered in flames… then the wall!
I used 【Silverfish】 to stick my feet to the wall, and started running, gradually increasing my speed!
『!? …【Ice Lance】! 【Water Whip】! 【Wind Sickle】!』
Perhaps they didn’t expect this, because they opened their mouths wide in surprise again, but they quickly regained their composure, and fired various spells at me, one after another.
But they’re all too slow!
The spear made of magic ice, the water whip, the wind sickle!
They all hit the wall, a few steps behind me!
“AAAAAH…!”
And then, with the momentum I gained from running, I kicked off the wall, and jumped towards the floating skeletons in the middle of the room!
“RAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
Flying through the air, straight ahead, at the speed of a bullet, I put my mana into my fist!
Crush, break, kill!
I created a merciless violence that would destroy everything!
…But!
『『【Catch】!!』』
The moment the floating skeletons shouted that in unison.
My body, flying through the air—stopped.
Yes… just like the door and the pebble from earlier.
『…Fuuuu! Th-That was a close one!』
『But Challenger, this is the end for you. You shouldn’t be able to move anymore.』
“…!”
I moved my arms and legs, but my body remained floating in the air.
I can’t move!
I quickly fired several 【Black Tentacles】, trying to pull myself towards the floor, the wall behind me, the ceiling… but it’s no use.
I can’t escape…!
<W-What is this!?>
Is this the effect of some kind of magic… 【Catch】?
Since Extra-sama is confused… if this is magic, it must be quite rare.
But my 【Mana Vision】 showed me transparent ‘mana hands’ extending from the two floating skeletons, tightly gripping my waist.
I… know a similar special ability.
【Invisible Hand】.
It’s the special ability of… an old man who was my… comrade.
“Is this… a special ability?”
『Hmm? …Fuhahahaha!』
『Kukuku… It’s not!』
The floating skeletons reacted to my question, which I blurted out involuntarily.
They reacted happily.
『Everything we use is ‘magic’!』
『But you were thinking this, weren’t you? ‘How can they use magic without chanting?’!』
“…………”
…That’s not… what I was trying to ask, but.
Well, it’s true that I have that question.
They’ve been firing spells non-stop, like idiots, without chanting anything.
What’s up with that?
『The answer is—yes! This is the fruit of our training!』
『We were probably bound to this place by a curse, but in return, we gained time!』
『While others were honing their martial arts, we were engrossed in magical training!』
『After years of training, it was… three hundred years ago, wasn’t it… we finally reached this state! And acquired a new technique!』
『『That’s right… it’s—【Chantless Magic】!!』』
The two floating skeletons said that confidently, in unison, looking smug.
<I see… I understand. It seems that they distinguish between ‘magic’ and ‘special abilities’, but both are essentially ‘techniques that utilize mana’, and there’s no fundamental difference. And training for chanted ‘magic’ is nothing more than training in mana manipulation, using the ‘mana manipulation support system’ created by the Magic God! If you continue doing that, if you have enough talent, or if you have enough time, like them… You can sublimate magic into a special ability, and manipulate it freely…!>
『We wanted to brag about this, but very few challengers have come to this fort!』
『And all of them were defeated before they even reached us!』
『Fuhaha… Haaa… We finally got to brag about our achievements, didn’t we, Gaston…』
『Yes, kukuku… I have no more regrets, Deyas…』
『『So…』』
Here, the two floating skeletons’ eye sockets glowed crimson!
And then, instantly, around me, frozen in mid-air… numerous attack spells were deployed—ice spears, fireballs…
『『It’s time for you to dieーーー!!!』』』
And with those words, they were all fired… at me, at once!
<A-A-Aaaah!? E-Emiーーー!?>
Extra-sama, panicking at the unavoidable concentrated attack, screamed!
But I’m calm.
Because I’ve thought of a way to defend myself.
And above all—
“You’re the ones who are going to die!”
Because I’ve already thought of a way to defeat them!
The next moment!
Large holes opened up in the floor… below the floating skeletons… and in the ceiling… above them… and two 【Black Tentacles】 emerged from each hole!
『Haa!?』
『Wha!?』
The floating skeletons, unable to react to the sudden turn of events!
While they were happily bragging, I was secretly extending the 【Black Tentacles】 I had stuck into the floor and ceiling, towards them!
“Guh…!”
Of course, their magic is starting to reach me!
An ice spear pierced my shoulder, and a fireball burned my left arm!
But!
“I won’t let you… escape!!”
Ignoring the pain throughout my body, I manipulated the shape of my 【Black Tentacles】!
I spread their tips out like cymbals, and from above and below… crushed the floating skeletons!
『『GYAAAAAAAAAHーーー!?』』
Hearing their death cries and the sound of their bones crushing, I then manipulated the shape of the 【Black Armor】 I’m wearing.
I made it thicker, covering my entire body, transforming it into a cocoon-like shape, to block further magical attacks!
DOOM… DOGO… BACHI… GAGAGA… GOAH… DODO-DODO-DODO…!
After the sound of magic stopped, I released the cocoon, and looked outside.
The two floating skeletons are no longer there.
Only their robes… and black dust… remained.
“…Guh.”
I pulled out the ice spear that was stuck in my shoulder, enduring the pain.
And at the same time, the phantom princess appeared.
『Congratulations on defeating Deyas and Gaston. But don’t let your guard down… The last remaining enemy, General Tekigataa, is cunning and powerful. Never underestimate him. May your righteous power illuminate the world…』
“I won…”
Hearing those words, I collapsed on my back.
The hole in my shoulder, and the burn on my left arm… are regenerating with a sizzling sound.
But.
“I’m… getting hungry…”
My stomach growled.
Unable to bear it, I picked up a stone from the floor, and put it in my mouth.
Munch, munch… crunch, crunch… munch, munch… crunch, crunch…
Only those sounds echoed through the room… where I was the only one left.