Fight
* * *
“In the first place, ‘techniques’ are ultimately just the struggling of the weak, you know?”
Right fist, then left fist.
Right, left, right.
While parrying all the attacks unleashed by me, Lairine speaks with a smile.
“That’s why, Emi-chan. For us, the truly strong, you see? It’s something we don’t need. It’s something unfit for us! Yes, yes!”
The roundhouse kick I aimed at her feet is lightly dodged by jumping, and the kick I aimed at her waist is intercepted with ease.
So using the grasped foot as a pivot, I put all my strength into pulling my body towards Lairine and punch her with that momentum.
Even when I attack with quite an unorthodox movement, it has no effect.
My punching arm is grabbed, and I’m lightly thrown into the air.
I spin around and land.
“Of course, Emi-chan, you’re still weak. But that’s only in comparison to me! Compared to the masses, you’re already plenty strong!”
I approach Lairine while gouging the ground with all my might.
Right, left, right, left, right, left, right!
Face, abdomen, left shoulder, abdomen, abdomen, face, face!
I continuously unleash punches while jumping to make up for the lack of height.
“That’s why you are undoubtedly strong. I guarantee it!”
However, Lairine intercepts all of them.
Those white, slender, beautiful fingertips easily defend against my attacks.
Bashiin!
Bashiin, bashiin, bashiin, bashiin, bashiin!
Only the impact sounds echo emptily.
“In other words, those techniques that are the struggling of the weak are unfit for you. From now on, you should simply impose your blessed talent on others and use violence as you please!”
While moving her hands at an imperceptible speed, intercepting, deflecting, and brushing aside all of my fists, Lairine smiles brightly.
In contrast to me, who is out of breath and sweating profusely, this woman has a cool expression.
It’s infuriating.
Infuriating, infuriating, infuriating!
“That is the way of being befitting you as one of the strong! …Do you understand?”
That arrogant way of thinking!
That condescending attitude!
At this point, I dislike everything about her!!
“Don’t screw with me!”
I kick with all my might.
Of course, that single blow is easily intercepted by Lairine’s palm.
BASHIIN!!
An exceptionally loud sound echoes, and the surrounding grass is blown away by the wind pressure, but again, it has no effect on Lairine at all.
Using the palm that caught my foot as a foothold, I jump, spin in the air, and create distance.
“What… What ‘way of being befitting the strong’! Spouting such nonsense!!”
And I shout!
I unleash my feelings welling up from the bottom of my heart in their raw form!
“DON’T TALK ABOUT MY WAY OF BEING! I DECIDE MY OWN WAY OF BEING!!”
My voice resounds across the grassland where only the sound of the wind can be heard.
Lairine… listens to that with wide eyes.
“THIS IS MY PRECIOUS TREASURE! GET RID OF IT? NO WAY!!”
My body feels like it’s burning hot!
My anger won’t subside!
Probably seeing me ranting with passion while remaining expressionless, Lairine finally starts fidgeting while breaking out in a cold sweat.
“U-Um, you see, Emi-chan? I… I was thinking about what’s best for you…”
“SHUT UP, YOU OLD HAG!!”
“Old h-…!?”
At the words that unintentionally slipped out, Lairine freezes and stops.
And immediately, her face turns red, and Lairine finally starts getting angry too.
“H-How dare you talk to your mother like that!?”
“SHUT UP! You’re not a mother! Just an old hag! Idiot, IDIOT!!”
I won’t forgive this woman anymore!
I throw sharp words at her like knives, one after another!
“IDIOT! IDIOT!! IDIOOOT!!!”
It’s a terrible downpour of merciless verbal abuse!!
“E-Emi-chan, what’s gotten into you…?”
Lairine had a very hurt expression.
And again, I don’t like that.
Hurt?
Don’t be the only one making a hurt face!
However, if it was just that, I could still forgive her.
This woman, she was only shocked like that for a brief moment.
Soon, a joyful color started mixing into that expression.
Holding her cheeks with both hands, Lairine shouted while hiding that redness!
“For a quiet and docile daughter to suddenly transform like this!? Could this be… what they call a ‘rebellious phase’!? Kyaaa!!”
…She’s messing around.
Messing around through and through.
I don’t know this woman’s background.
I don’t know what she was thinking when she wanted to become my mother.
I’m not interested, so I haven’t asked.
Even so, she gave me food.
She gave me a bed.
She gave me clothes.
She was always with me.
That’s why, even I!
Began to think that this must be what a mother is!
I was starting to think that, and yet!
…I was starting to think that, and yet!!
This person!
From the beginning!
From the beginning, she never intended to become a mother!
She just wanted to play at being a mother!!
“That’s it…”
I hang my head and clench my fists tightly.
“Huh…?”
Lairine’s deflated voice leaks out.
“I’m… leaving this house!!”
I turned my back on Lairine and the mansion and started running at full speed towards the surrounding hills!