Thank You, Hang in There
* * *
“…………”
After tossing aside the now powerless and immobile bald man, Master rushes over to me.
Checking quickly over my head, neck, arms, stomach… he touches to make sure I’m not injured, then lets out a deep breath.
I’m sorry for worrying you, Master.
But, it’s you who worries me more!
You were slashed by that bald guy, weren’t you!?
Are you really okay!?
As I stare intently at Master’s wounded right arm, he demonstrates its functionality by clenching and unclenching his fist several times for me to see, then mutters.
“……No problem.”
And then, he gently pats my head.
“You did well.”
The moment I hear those words, the tension that had been holding me together snaps.
All the emotions I had been suppressing surge forward, and I can’t stop the tears from overflowing.
I was scared.
I was so scared, Master.
But, I was able to fight.
I did my best.
Sobbing, with tears streaming down my face, Master gently embraces me.
It’s warm……
Despite the usual lifeless mask created by his unexpressive facial muscles, the fear that had filled my heart somehow vanishes, replaced by a comforting sense of security.
But.
This calm and warm moment didn’t last long.
Suddenly, Master pushes me away with a shove.
Huh? What?
Bewildered and landing on my bottom, what I see is…
Master, slashed deeply from the shoulder down in a diagonal cut, collapsing while spraying blood.
“Kuh…hahaha!”
From behind, I hear laughter.
It’s the bald man.
Pierced through the heart by Master, the bald man was still alive.
Lying on the ground, barely breathing, it seemed he was forcibly moving his body with magic, squeezing out his last strength.
“I, I am an apostle… You lot, inferior beings, are different, I am chosen, a chosen existence…!”
Muttering something, the bald man extends his 【Magic Slash Thread】 towards me.
“It must not be! An apostle losing, that’s…! I, I am the eternal, slaughterer”
His irritating monologue stops there.
Because the bald man, weakened to the point he could barely use 【Body Strengthening】, couldn’t withstand the 【Stone Throw】 I launched with all my strength.
His head is blown off, and this time he truly dies.
【Magic Slash Thread】 loses its form and dissipates into mist.
“…………”
“…………Master”
Master lies on the ground, utterly powerless.
The wound is too deep…
I take off my jacket, trying to wrap it around his body like a bandage, but it’s no use.
That won’t stop the bleeding…
“Master… Master, Master…”
All I could do was mutter like I was talking in my sleep.
The pool of Master’s blood kept spreading around us.
Master’s life was fading away…
“…………”
Trembling, my hand was somehow grasped and squeezed by Master, who managed to move his arm.
His hand was rough and large.
The strong hand of my Master.
It was rapidly losing its warmth.
“……Thank… you.”
The words that came from Master’s trembling lips were words of gratitude to me.
…Why…?
Did I do something to deserve Master’s thanks?
Didn’t I just make myself his disciple and cause him nothing but trouble?
I’ve only ever received from Master, I have, I have…
“…………Han, g in, there……”
With such simple words of encouragement as his last, the strength left Master’s hand, and he became still.
Gray clouds covering the sky began to drop raindrops.
A lukewarm, summer rain.
Gradually intensifying, it mixed with the pool of blood on the ground, turning into an iron-smelling, reddish-black muddy water flowing somewhere.
Sitting in the pouring rain, I just held Master’s cold hand, staring at his face.
His face, beaten by the uncaring rain, looking up at the sky,
The expression of my formidable Master, which hardly ever changed, was…
Despite being slashed, despite the pain and suffering,
A calm, smiling face.
It was a kind, gentle smile, so like Master.