A Hungry Emi Goes to the Foggy Forest
* * *
The blue fog, stretching endlessly, endlessly.
Underneath the fog, growing densely, are berries so short they don’t even reach my ankles.
These berries, bearing black, sweet and sour fruit, have leaves that feel a bit hard.
I’m tough, so I can walk barefoot, but normal people would probably get hurt by the sharpness of those tiny leaves.
<Ah… Emi, it’s here.>
I was absentmindedly walking, occasionally picking a berry from the ground and putting it in my mouth, but upon hearing Extra-sama’s words, I focused.
Switching from berry-harvesting mode to battle mode.
I stopped looking down and raised my face.
And then, from the depths of the fog-shrouded forest, where the silhouette of a giant, black tree, so large that even ten adults holding hands couldn’t encircle it, loomed… I saw another giant silhouette approaching me at tremendous speed.
That silhouette was floating in the air.
Its size, easily exceeding 5 meters by my estimate.
A streamlined, sharp body.
Triangular, pointed dorsal and pectoral fins.
A crescent-shaped tail fin swaying from side to side at the rear.
Inside its mouth, wide open to devour me, countless small, sharp teeth lined up.
Yes, in other words…
It’s a shark.
A large shark… flying in the sky!
GOOOOOOOOOOOOH!!
The shark, swimming through the air, splitting the fog, closed the distance between us in an instant.
Its eyes were clouded crimson, probably from killing intent and appetite.
It’s full of energy, full of intimidation.
<If only I had the knowledge to process those fins into something delicious…>
“…………”
But both Extra-sama and I are used to this.
We’ve already been attacked many times by this shark’s comrades, and have repelled them every time.
So we already know.
This creature… no matter how hard it tries… is no threat to me.
Its sharp teeth can’t even scratch my skin, let alone my current 【Black Armor】… the armor I made in Ashgo, applying the 【Black Arms】, but anyway…
This shark may look scary and act like the king of the foggy forest, but its strength is no different from a small fish you’d find anywhere.
<No, that can’t be true… This shark is quite strong. It’s just far weaker compared to you.>
“…………”
Ignoring Extra-sama’s words, I recklessly shot out several 【Black Tentacles】 towards the shark charging at me.
“!?”
The 【Black Tentacles】 accurately pierced the shark’s body.
The shark, confused, thrashed around.
These guys are tough, I’ll give them that, they don’t die from a few holes in their body.
I lightly jumped, dodging the shark charging towards me without losing momentum, and…
…Using the 【Black Tentacles】 still stuck in the shark…
…I started swinging it around.
And then.
BOOM!
I slammed the shark against a nearby giant tree with all my might!
If I go this far, even this shark won’t be able to move properly.
But it was still twitching and convulsing, trying to rise into the air again, so its toughness is truly remarkable.
I bet if I leave it like this, it’ll recover after a while.
Well, I’ll finish it off soon.
“…………”
I cleanly severed the shark’s head from its body using 【Great Mantis】.
And then, firmly gripping the shark’s body, still thrashing its tail…
…I sank my teeth into its flesh.
I silently tore it off and shoved it into my stomach.
I don’t care about the taste or hygiene anymore.
It’s important to just get it into my stomach.
But no matter how much I eat… it melts away in an instant and disappears somewhere.
My hunger, won’t subside.
It won’t subside, no matter how much time passes.
It’s been two months since I left the royal capital.
One month since I entered this forest, avoiding people.
But my hunger still won’t subside.
I’ve been killing and eating everything in sight.
But it’s no use.
I’m hungry…
Enveloped in a warm fog, it’s winter, I guess.
Oh, by the way, I turned ten the other day.