The Monster’s True Identity
* * *
“Gugyuuurururu…!”
The tentacle monster, letting out a creepy growl, continued to unleash tentacles at Mitran, one after another.
“URYAAAAAAAA!!!”
Mitran desperately continued to cut them down.
He sliced the tentacle extending from the front in two.
He sliced the tentacle that suddenly attacked from the side in two.
He flawlessly handled all the tentacles attacking him without pause.
“Gugyurururu…”
This isn’t going anywhere.
Perhaps feeling that, the tentacle monster changed its tactics.
“Th-That’s!?”
The first to notice and shout was Leseida, who had been protected by Mitran and withdrawn from the fight.
What she saw.
Is.
Behind the tentacles repeatedly unleashed at Mitran…
Several tentacles are being woven together… to create a super-giant spear!
Its thickness easily exceeds one meter in diameter, just by looking.
It’s obvious that Mitran won’t be able to block something with that mass with just a few sword strikes!
“Mitran-kun! Run…”
Leseida hurriedly tried to warn Mitran.
But the monster wasn’t going to wait.
Before Leseida could finish shouting… without pausing its normal tentacle attacks, the monster threw the super-giant spear it had created at Mitran!
“!?”
Mitran noticed the spear right after he cut down a normal tentacle.
By then… the spear was already right before his eyes.
It’s too late to dodge or intercept.
If this continues, Mitran’s body will be pierced by the spear, and the impact will blow him to pieces!
But!
GARYYYYYYYYYYYYYN!!
The monster’s spear was suddenly deflected… by a giant sphere that charged in from beside Mitran!
“KYURURUPPIIII!!”
That giant sphere is none other than Lady.
She mustered the last of her strength and saved Mitran from peril!
The giant spear, deflected by Lady, pierced deep into the sand.
The tentacle monster seemed to have lost its balance from that, and staggered.
“Cough… Seriously, working with Miss Mitran is never boring!”
Taking advantage of that opening, Harishurap approached Mitran.
Harishurap, grinning, took a small bottle from the bag at his waist, and poured the sparkling liquid inside over Mitran’s head.
That liquid is a potion… a healing magic potion.
Mitran’s wounds and fatigue… are rapidly recovering!
“Lady… Harishurap-san…! It’s dangerous! You should run away…!”
“Sorry, but we can’t do that, Mitran-kun.”
Furthermore, Leseida interrupted Mitran’s words.
“Because we all feel the same way as you. We don’t want to abandon our comrades. We’re not going to let you fight alone.”
“L-Leseida-san…!”
Leseida, Harishurap, and Lady.
Bathed in the setting sun, Mitran’s comrades stand beside him!
Seeing that, Mitran shed even more tears.
“And in this situation… it seems it’s finally time for me to use my true trump card…!”
Glaring at the monster, which has regained its footing and started moving its tentacles again… Leseida took a softball-sized sphere from the bag wrapped around her waist.
It’s a black sphere, with ancient magic letters written in red on its surface.
That’s…!
“A-A magic bomb!?”
Yes, it’s a magic bomb!
It’s an item that causes a small explosion when you pour mana into it and then give it an impact!
“No, how many of those do you have!?”
“Hahaha! Behold once again, my strong shoulder, honed during my school days playing ball games!!”
Leseida raised one leg, swung her arm back, and forcefully threw the magic bomb!
Whoosh!!
DODOOOON!!
The magic bomb, flying straight, hit the tentacle monster without being obstructed!
And it exploded!
Sand and a black mist, formed from the severed tentacles, spread through the surroundings, carried by the blast!
“Uwah!?”
Mitran involuntarily held his breath, closed his eyes, and lowered his posture.
However, there’s no way a monster that his cheat abilities declared ‘unbeatable’ can be defeated with just this.
Then this is a fatal opening!
Mitran desperately opened his eyes slightly, amidst the swirling sand.
And then, seeing what came into his view—
“Eh… EEH!?”
He involuntarily let out a surprised voice!
“WHAT!?”
And slightly after him, Leseida also cried out.
Because!
Because the monster, now revealed as the sand was blown away by the wind, has lost about half of its tentacles.
And what was hidden beneath the tentacles, the so-called main body of the monster… is now exposed!
And the shape of that main body is…
…A breathtakingly beautiful girl… with black hair, black eyes, and white skin, which are abhorred in this world!
Her black hair, reaching down to her waist, flowed smoothly in the desert wind, and her black eyes are vacant, devoid of any will.
Her entire body is covered in something like jet-black rubber, occasionally tinged with a rusty red, just like the tentacles, accentuating the whiteness of her face and other exposed skin.
“Y-Y-You’re kidding me…!?”
Seeing the true form of the tentacle monster… Mitran was greatly bewildered!
It’s not just because he pointed his sword at a girl, even if she was covered in tentacles.
Mitran knows.
He has met her before!
That girl covered in tentacles!
“Why… why are you… like this… Emi-chan!?”
The wandering traveler, Emi Rune!!
“GUGYUUUUURURURU…!!!”
Emi didn’t answer his question…
She opened her mouth, drool dripping down, her vacant eyes staring blankly at the ground.
And let out a loud, terrifying roar…!