Let’s Put Kenu-chan Aside for Now
* * *
Under the early summer-like blue sky, a pleasant breeze blew through the
lush green grassland, swaying my hair.
I quickly hold down my wide-brimmed hat with my left hand to prevent it from flying away.
Inhaling, I smell the blue and faintly sweet scent of grass.
“Shall we have tea?”
The woman who invited me, claiming to be my new mother, slowly sips her black tea, enjoying its bitterness and aroma.
Even then, her gaze is fixed on me, not letting go.
Smiling beautifully, she stares at me tirelessly.
…I am currently sitting in a gazebo in the garden of Lairine’s mansion.
<It’s called a pergola.>
…Well, several days have passed since the incident of the revival of the calamity Odokato Se Kenu on Sealed Island Vera Kenu.
Huh, what, is this the aftermath?
You may think so, but…
…Yes, it is the aftermath.
* * *
After the sky turned red and the earth shook that day… Odokato Se Kenu twisted out a part of its huge body from underground, crushing the grassland in front of the mansion.
It was so enormous that I couldn’t tell which part of the calamity’s body that portion was… whether it was the head, fingertips, or that unique part specific to calamities… I don’t know.
It only had a pitch-black, slimy body that was far larger than the mansion.
And on its surface, countless giant eyes resembling those of humans were haphazardly scattered, darting around restlessly.
Furthermore, in addition to that, although not as much as the eyes, there were several large mouths with dirty teeth here and there, repeatedly opening and closing like fish washed ashore.
An eerie monster.
That’s the only way to describe it.
That was the appearance of the calamity Odokato Se Kenu.
The eyes of that monster looked around restlessly for a while, but after some time…
“…!!”
They all turned towards us at once.
<<<OAAH… OAAH… OAAAAAHHHH!!!>>>
And at the same time, a ferocious roar resounded!
Along with a raw-smelling wind, hostility and malice towards us rushed in all at once!
“Ugh…!!”
Despite suppressing my nose and mouth with my arm due to that terrible smell, I glared at the calamity.
Don’t underestimate me.
I won’t lose…!
Facing an enemy far more powerful than myself, my fighting spirit burns up!
It’s useless to be frightened.
There’s nowhere to run.
I have no choice but to… fight!!
The moment I made that resolve!
“Shut uuuuup!! You stiiiiink!!” Lairine, who had been standing next to me, shouted that and suddenly leaped high into the sky!
“Huh!?”
And while rotating and enveloping herself in condensed golden magical power, she unleashed a powerful… heel drop towards the calamity that was trying to twist its body further out of the ground!
<<<OAAAHHH!!?>>>
The calamity, which had its body dented like a rubber ball upon receiving that blow, let out a scream of anguish, and then…
<<<It huuuurts…>>>
While pitifully lamenting like that, it was dragged back underground as if the footage was being rewound.
Before I knew it, the clear blue sky had returned overhead, and the grassland that should have been smashed and cracked had mysteriously returned to its original state.
In other words, the calamity was… sealed away again.
Later, Lairine casually told me that this wasn’t the first time the calamity had emerged to the surface.
Each time, she had punched it back underground, so Lairine was able to calmly deal with it as usual.
No matter how much of a calamity it was, due to the long-term sealing process, its power had been greatly reduced, and for Lairine, it wasn’t much of an opponent.
Also, even if that calamity were to fully emerge to the surface, it would take over a year for it to completely destroy the barrier and be released into the outside world, even in the current state with the weakened barrier.
That’s why Lairine usually neglects the seal on this island and still works as the Supreme Commander of the Adventurer’s Guild.
And apparently, Lairine occasionally deliberately summons the calamity to use as a sandbag to relieve stress.
That’s also part of the “request” given to Lairine, but…
In a way, I feel sorry for Kenu-chan.
That’s what I thought.
* * *
Anyway, let’s put aside the matter of the pitiful calamity Kenu-chan.
It doesn’t matter.
The problem for me is the fact that I can’t escape from this mansion because of Kenu-chan’s seal.
“…”
“?”
While sipping tea with a slurp, I glare intently at Lairine.
Lairine tilts her head slightly and shows a smile.
The wind passes through the gazebo, making our hair sway softly.
<It’s called a pergola.>
I have been irritated ever since that incident.
The woman in front of me doesn’t even apologize for insulting my master.
Even when I vent my anger at her, she acts like it’s none of her concern.
And I can’t escape from this house.
I’ve been constantly irritated by the unchanging situation and my inability to change it.
…In the first place, even with the barrier, how do I get off this island?
Actually, I already have an idea about that.
In the basement of this mansion… there is actually a warp magic circle.
It’s the valuable warp device that Extra-sama mentioned before.
That’s what it is.
Lairine and… the servants who rarely appear in front of me, seem to be using that warp magic circle to come and go with the outside world.
I must have also used that magic circle when I was brought to this mansion.
I didn’t know because I was unconscious.
Now, why didn’t I notice that fact until now? It’s because the basement where that magic circle is installed was locked.
Since it was locked, I didn’t even think to investigate what was inside until now.
But yesterday, while I was randomly destroying the mansion out of irritation, I accidentally discovered its existence.
Extra-sama immediately saw through that the magic circle was related to warping.
I immediately tried to use it to escape, but… it was no good.
Annoyingly, this warp magic circle requires Lairine’s permission to use.
“User registration has not been completed. To use this product, please first obtain permission from the administrator. I repeat…”
While listening to the oddly modern announcement echoing inorganically in the room, I stomped my feet in frustration.
* * *
“Hey, Emi-chan, what’s wrong? Is there something on my face?”
Well, back to the gazebo.
<It’s called a pergola.>
Noticing me glaring intently at that irritating face, Lairine said that while blushing with embarrassment.
“…”
Calm down.
No matter how much her remarks get on your nerves, you mustn’t give in to anger.
That won’t move the conversation forward.
Calm down.
“Phew…”
After lowering my head and taking a deep breath, I place the teacup on the table.
A refreshing breeze blows, caressing my cheeks.
Calm down, calm down.
While inhaling the scent of grass deeply into my chest, take a deep breath.
After seeing off the handle of the teacup, which had been crushed to pieces due to gripping it too tightly, blowing away like sand in the wind, I raised my face.
“…Hey.”
“Hm? What is it?”
…Today, I will.
Move the situation forward.
“…Phew…”
Through an approach I’ve never taken before.
“Ufufu, what’s wrong, Emi-chan? You seem nervous. Ah, have you finally noticed your mother’s beauty? Ufufu!”
Calm down, calm down.
To be honest, it’s an approach I’m not good at.
But even so, I have no choice but to do it.
Until now, no matter how much I punched her, my feelings never got through to Lairine.
Then, this is the only way left.
…There’s nothing else I can do now.
I stare straight at Lairine.
Prepare yourself!!
“I have… a request.”
Standing up… I lower my head!
I bend my waist!!
The angle is no exaggeration to say it’s 90 degrees!!!
What I’m about to do now.
It’s the culmination of wisdom that powerless humanity has devised throughout its long history.
…In other words!
Verbal… negotiation!!
It’s “discussion”!!
“Please… let me out of this island!!”
Kenu-chan, who has been put aside due to the chaotic composition of Arc 14.
I’m sorry, Kenu-chan…
But I’m sure there will be a moment for you to shine.
For now, take a rest for a while.
Now, Arc 14 is also coming to an end soon.