【Adventurer Mitran】 Galloping Across the Scorching Desert
* * *
Here begins Arc 26!
I hope you enjoy it.
“Ugh, seriously! Those guys are way too persistent!”
As I ran across the scorching Lasanaskiros Desert, riding in a sled for several people, I glanced back and complained!
“SWIIIIII!! HOH HOH HOOO!!”
“““HOH HOH HOOO!!”””
‘Those guys’ are… a group of madmen with their heads completely covered by triangular pyramids, riding on a giant centipede, chasing us while shouting strange cries… the ‘Sunrise Triangle’!
The members of the Sunrise Triangle, their reddish-brown robes fluttering in the wind, stood up on the giant centipede and started shooting arrows at us, one after another!
Sometimes, a foolish Triangle would lose his balance and fall off the centipede… but they don’t care.
They’re just laughing like madmen, persistently approaching us!
Honestly, it’s really scary!
“Hahhaa! Working with you, Miss Mitran, is never boring!”
But their arrows never hit us.
Because Harishurap-san, the driver of the super-giant pill-bug… Sabakuwaraji, which is pulling the sled that the “three” of us are riding, has incredibly skillful pill-bug-handling skills.
He’s skillfully using the shadows of the sand clouds and sand dunes to hide us, preventing the Triangles from getting an accurate aim!
Harishurap-san is a muscular, dark-skinned, big man.
He wears round-glass sunglasses, and his gray hair is styled in cornrows, making him look tough and intimidating at first glance… but he’s actually friendly and cheerful.
But…!
“Th-This isn’t something to laugh about!”
“Hahhaa!!”
Isn’t he a little too courageous!?
Why can he laugh so much in such a desperate situation!?
Even though I have many cheats from God, I’m still incredibly scared in these kinds of situations!
And!
“And I told you many times, I’m not a ‘Miss’…!”
And at the very moment I tried to protest—
“SWIIIIII!! HOH HOH HOOO!!”
—An arrow shot by a Triangle grazed my hair!
“Hinyaaa!?”
I involuntarily let out a pathetic scream, and crouched down on the sled!
“Are you alright, Mitran-kun!?”
The second member of our sled party, Leseida-san, hurriedly approached me and hugged me tightly.
Leseida-san is an archaeologist I met during an investigation of some ruins, and although he looks like a handsome man, she’s actually a woman!
I don’t know if she’s worried about me or what, but she’s been doing this kind of physical contact a lot lately… and it’s hot in the desert, so it’s a little troubling!
“Haaa… They’re gradually closing the distance…”
Leseida-san, for some reason, pressed her face against the top of my head, took a deep breath, looked back, and muttered that.
“Seriously, to be able to keep up with me, Harishurap, ‘the fastest transporter in the Great Desert’… they’re pretty good!”
Harishurap-san, still smiling, also glanced back.
He’s looking at the driver of the giant centipede, who’s sitting cross-legged on its head, with many Triangles riding on its back.
Unlike the others, that person isn’t wearing a pyramid on his head… but he’s hiding his face by wrapping a scarf-like cloth around his entire body, so his identity is a complete mystery!
The third member of our sled party, the wandering mage Nenesane was also pondering with her hand on her chin.
“…Hmm. It might be time to use our trump card.”
Here.
Saying that, Leseida-san took a softball-sized sphere from the bag wrapped around her waist.
It’s a black sphere, with ancient magic letters written in red on its surface.
That’s…!
“A-A magic bomb!?”
Yes, it’s a magic bomb!
It’s an item that causes a small explosion when you pour mana into it and then give it an impact!
But I was confused when I saw it!
“Is it okay to use that!? It’s a relic of the Super-Ancient Magic Civilization, isn’t it!?”
…I found this magic bomb when Leseida-san and I explored the ruins in the eastern part of the Fantasy Continent.
Leseida-san is an archaeologist, researching the Super-Ancient Magic Civilization.
So I thought this bomb was also a research material…!
“Hahaha! If I really wanted to keep it safe, I’d put it in a safe! I was secretly carrying it around, just in case… Now’s the time to use this relic!”
“Leseida-san… I’m sorry. If only I had the resolve to kill people…”
“It’s fine, Mitran-kun. I love that part of you too.”
I’m sorry I’m not more useful… Tears welled up in my eyes.
Leseida-san, smiling, gently stroked my head to comfort me.
Looking up, I see that Leseida-san’s face is red.
It’s hot in the desert.
Even for Leseida-san, who is used to traveling, this environment must be harsh…
“Harishurap-dono! There will be a loud noise, is your pill-bug okay with that!?”
And then, Leseida-san called out to the driver, Harishurap-san, riding on the back of the super-giant pill-bug pulling the sled!
“Hahhaa! My Lady is a woman of steel! I don’t know what you’re planning… but go for it, Leseida!”
Harishurap-san, his back to us, gave a thumbs-up and shouted!
“Kyururuppiiii!!”
The pill-bug “Lady” also made a cute noise, as if agreeing with her partner’s words!
…It makes noise!
The pill-bugs of this world make noise!
“Then, without further ado! Three, two, one… Here we go!!”
After getting Harishurap-san’s permission, Leseida-san immediately started a countdown… and threw the magic bomb she was holding!
The magic bomb, infused with mana by Leseida-san, its surface glowing with the ancient magic letters, flew through the air… and landed on the sand in front of the super-giant centipede.
And then, the next moment!
DODOOOOON!!
It exploded with a loud bang!
“GIGIGIGIGIGI!?”
The magic bomb didn’t directly hit the super-giant centipede… but the sudden bright light, loud noise, and hot wind from the explosion right in front of it were enough to startle it.
The super-giant centipede reared up and flipped over, stopping our pursuit!
“SWIIIIII!?”
“HOH HOH HOOO!?”
The Triangles riding on the centipede’s back were thrown into the desert one after another.
Since they fell on soft sand, they don’t seem to be injured… but it will probably take them a while to recover from that situation.
Meanwhile, Lady continued to run like the wind across the sand… and in the blink of an eye, the Sunrise Triangle members disappeared from sight!
“F-Fueeeh… We’re saved…”
Having shaken off the crazy people, I let out a sigh of relief, and leaned against the edge of the sled.
Ah, I’m alive…
The sky is blue as far as the eye can see, and the desert is white.
It’s beautiful…
“Hey, Miss! It’s too early to relax!”
But I could only relax for a moment.
I heard Harishurap-san’s tense voice.
“Fueh!? What, what!?”
“Hahhaa! It seems that the explosion earlier… attracted something!”
Harishurap-san, shouting that, pointed forward.
Looking in that direction… I saw something wriggling in the sand, and from beneath it…!
A super-giant, yellow, earthworm-like magical creature… suddenly burst out!
The magical creature, standing upright, is incredibly long, and its mouth is large enough to easily swallow us, including Lady, in one gulp!
Anyway, it’s huge!
“Hmm… That’s a Sandworm!”
Leseida-san, holding her hat, her silver hair in a braid fluttering in the wind, immediately identified the type of magical creature and shouted its name!
“…A worm!?”
“Yes! A Sandworm!”
Why is it a worm!?
Why does a worm live on land!?
“And that’s a special one… I’ve never heard of a Sandworm that huge.”
Leseida-san, with a distorted, beautiful face, muttered that in a trembling voice.
The wandering mage Nenesane was also pondering with her hand on her chin.
“YUGYAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!”
Here.
The Sandworm, staring at us, roared intimidatingly.
Its tremendous roar made my skin tingle.
“Hahhaa! It seems we’ve been chosen! We’ve been invited to lunch!”
“As guests!?”
“Miss, don’t be stupid! As ingredients, of course!”
“H-Hieeeeeeeh!?”
I screamed in fear at Harishurap-san’s witty joke, mixed with a desperate situation!
But!
“H-Here…”
I can’t just be cowardly and afraid forever!
Because I’m Leseida-san’s bodyguard!
And it’s a magical creature.
If it’s a magical creature, I can use my cheats without holding back!
I’m an adventurer.
I’m the adventurer, Mitran!
“Here… I have to do this!!”
I shouted, drew the sword from my waist, and, guided by the 【Super Combat Instinct】 that fortunately activated, jumped off the sled!
And towards the super-giant Sandworm, which is rushing straight at us, trying to swallow us whole…
I swung that sword with all my might!!
【Mitran】
A boy who looks like a beautiful girl no matter how you look at him.
A reincarnated person who received the protection of the God of Adventure, a.k.a. the protagonist.
A kind boy who continues his violent adventures, but still can’t abandon the values of modern Japan.
He’s a little cowardly, but he does what needs to be done!
Appeared in Arc 15, etc.
【Leseida】
A woman who looks like a handsome young man.
An archaeologist who travels the world.
Although they’re quite far apart in age, she loves Mitran as the opposite sex.
Emi’s acquaintance, Kamasse’s older sister.
Appeared in Arc 15, etc.
【Harishurap & Lady】
First appearance.
A cheerful desert “transporter” and his giant pill-bug partner.
【The wandering mage Nenesane】
I don’t really know.