Emi’s Defeat
* * *
<Let’s run away.>
Humidafai’s body is covering almost the entire ground as far as the eye can see.
Emi is floating precariously in the air, a single 【Black Tentacle】 stabbed into Humidafai’s body, supporting her.
Right now, Emi is swinging her body around using that 【Black Tentacle】.
And using 【Great Mantis】, mana blades extended from her fingertips, she’s relentlessly slicing and dicing Humidafai!
<Let’s run away!>
Just like before, the severed pieces of Humidafai transform into sea slugs.
And all at once, they jump towards Emi, starting their body slam attacks.
If it were an ordinary person, a single blow would break their bones and immobilize them!
<Let’s run awayーーー!!>
Emi skillfully dodges those sea slugs, manipulating her body using her 【Black Tentacles】.
For the ones she can’t avoid, she hits them with all her might and knocks them away!
Emi kept doing this over and over again.
All the while ignoring Extra-sama’s voice, gradually becoming tearful, urging her to retreat.
Why isn’t she running away?
Does Emi have a secret plan to defeat Humidafai?
No, she doesn’t.
She has no ideas on how to whittle down this Calamity’s life, which boasts incredible size and toughness.
Why isn’t she running away?
Can’t Emi see the current situation?
No, that’s not it either.
Emi understands all too well that her strength is no match for this Calamity.
Guuuuuuuu…
Her stomach growled again.
It’s a sign that her stamina, which wasn’t full to begin with, is starting to run out.
She can’t keep eating pieces of Humidafai to replenish her nutrition.
Humidafai is so elastic that even Emi’s jaw strength has trouble tearing it off.
Simply put, it’s hard to eat.
On top of that, it’s not very nutritious.
“…………”
To be honest, even Emi knows.
That she should retreat.
<Emi, you don’t have to fight! If the Calamity has started moving, the gods won’t stay silent. I’m sure they’ll reseal this Calamity soon!>
“…………”
Extra-sama’s words echoed through her tired, dulled mind.
Yes.
That’s right.
Even if she leaves it alone, the situation will eventually be resolved.
The gods of this world, although selfish and self-serving, do seem to try to protect the world…
…But…
How long does ‘soon’ mean?
<Well… maybe… after one or two countries are destroyed…? >
Extra-sama answered Emi’s question.
You can’t rely on the gods’ ‘soon’.
Emi learned that.
And hearing that, it makes running away by herself even more pathetic.
No.
That’s not it.
…It’s more than that…
To be honest, at that moment…
Emi was frustrated.
That she can’t win against this super giant turban shell… she was frustrated by her own weakness!
She’s been rampaging, inflicting damage…
…But Humidafai is still unfazed!
It counterattacks, but Emi’s violence is insignificant to Humidafai!
That… is unbearably frustrating!!
So Emi stubbornly refused to accept Extra-sama’s advice to retreat.
She continued to rampage, like a child throwing a tantrum.
…No.
Emi, at this moment, truly was a child throwing a tantrum…
But…
Gyuuu!
Guuuuuuuu!
Her stomach finally started screaming.
“…………”
This is her limit.
Emi was forced to decide…
She was forced to admit defeat… against Humidafai.
Emi, silently, expressionlessly…
But with the sound of her gritting her teeth…
Tried to retreat, by throwing her body out of the giant hole using her 【Black Tentacles】.
But… However!
Just as Emi was bending her 【Black Tentacles】…!
<<<UOOOOOOOOOHーーー!!!>>>
A brave, telepathic roar suddenly echoed through the bottom of the giant hole, covered by Humidafai’s body!
What Emi saw when she turned around.
Was…
A single red Kobudai, engulfed in flames… swimming towards the bottom of the giant hole, like a meteor!