Mediator Oshiras Listens to Emi’s Story and Finally Loses It and Screams
* * *
“Emi-san.”
Mediator Oshiras called out to the girl sitting on his left, paying utmost attention to make his voice as gentle and kind as he always does so as not to frighten the child.
“…………”
This girl, who had been continuing to eat Mekena Sandwiches with an attitude of not caring about the adults’ conversations unfolding in the room until then, properly responded to the voice directed at her.
Turning around with her cheeks puffed out with Mekena Sandwiches, the girl stared intently at Oshiras.
Those deep, black eyes, from which no emotion could be read, were directed at Oshiras.
Receiving that gaze, Oshiras was a little scared.
Why?
Perhaps it was because of the prejudice against black hair and black eyes that he couldn’t shake off no matter how much he tried to.
Or perhaps it was because of that beauty, which was not diminished at all despite her cheeks being puffed out.
The conclusion was probably both of those.
And more than that.
Because there was pressure in that girl’s gaze.
At this time, Oshiras couldn’t put into words and understand what that “pressure” was, what its true nature was.
It was, so to speak, a manifestation of the strength of her will.
The way she defined herself, shaped by the way she had lived her life up to that point.
Oshiras was overwhelmed by that unwavering way of being.
“What?”
Questioning Oshiras, who had called out to her but couldn’t continue speaking, Emi prompted him to go on.
“Ah, oh, sorry. Um, Emi-san. I would like to hear your opinion as well, but…”
Coming back to his senses, Oshiras began the conversation while stammering.
“First of all, this discussion is to decide your guardian… the person who will newly become your caregiver. Is that alright with you?”
“Huh, is that so?”
Even though there was such a big commotion around her, this girl, didn’t she listen to anything that had been said so far…?
Upon hearing those words, Oshiras was amazed beyond exasperation and somehow felt impressed.
…Rather.
“Emi-san… what were you told when you were brought to this place today?”
“They said they’d give me Mekena Sandwiches, so sit there.”
Oshiras glanced at Arcus.
Arcus quickly looked away.
Next, Oshiras glanced at Lairine.
Lairine was smiling creepily…
Oshiras quickly looked away.
“Well, anyway, that’s how it is. At this point, Arcus-san and Lairine-san over there have volunteered to be your guardian, your new parent. This discussion is to decide whose daughter you should become, Emi-san.”
Oshiras explained the current situation again for Emi, who hadn’t been listening to the story.
She’s a child.
It’s often the case that they can’t understand the story in one go.
Oshiras doesn’t mind repeating the explanation.
“I don’t need parents.”
And after Oshiras’s explanation, what leaked from Emi’s mouth was that single sentence.
Oshiras unintentionally froze.
And… the Parirot couple, who had been silently listening to the story up to this point.
“Hey! You shouldn’t say things like that!”
On the other hand, Arcus immediately reacted to that single sentence.
“Family is warm, happy, and something that’s definitely better to have! Sure, Emi-chan might not have good memories of her parents, but…”
Saying that, Arcus glared at Rana for a moment.
Rana kept her head down.
“Then, your uncle will make lots of fun memories for you from now on! Right, Emi-chan! Let’s become a family with your uncle!”
Arcus stood up vigorously, leaned over the table with both hands, and appealed to Emi like that.
In response, Emi didn’t budge an inch.
Expressionlessly, unimpressed, she said this.
“I don’t want to.”
“Why!?”
Clattering his armor loudly, Arcus slipped and fell on both hands!
Raising his face with a thud, there were even faint tears in his eyes.
“Of course, there’s a reason.”
Tossing the last piece of Mekena Sandwich remaining on the plate into her mouth, Emi continued speaking while munching.
“First, I don’t like your face.”
Face…
After making such a fuss up to this point, the reason for being rejected is his face…
Oshiras didn’t particularly like Arcus as a person, but he thought this development was too cruel…
He felt sorry for him…
“And more than anything, you’re weak.”
“Huh?”
Up until now, Arcus had been talking to Emi as a “kind uncle,” but at this single sentence, he cursed.
“You know, Emi-chan… your uncle, despite how he looks, is a top-class adventurer. I’m quite strong.”
“Weak. Weaker than me.”
Arcus was smiling.
However, it was a strained smile.
His voice was low and slightly trembling.
Completely unbothered by Arcus’s state, Emi continued speaking.
“The most important condition to become my parent. That is…”
It was declared without hesitation, clearly.
“To be stronger than me!”
Oshiras was dumbfounded.
If you’re not strong, you won’t be acknowledged as a parent?
What kind of savage family is that?
For Oshiras, who was born into a very ordinary family in an ordinary farming village and grew up peacefully, it was a form of family that was impossible to understand.
But!
“G-Guhaha, guhahahaha! Then, Emi-chan! If you fight me and I win, you’ll acknowledge me as your parent!?”
For this man named Arcus, that condition seemed to sit well with him to some extent!
Laughing fiercely, he stood up vigorously with a clatter and began releasing intense 【Intimidation】 towards Emi!
“Huh? You wanna do this, old man?”
In response, Emi also began releasing 【Intimidation】, not backing down!
They were completely picking a fight…!
“Ufufu, ufufufu!”
The crazy woman was also releasing 【Intimidation】 for some unknown reason!
For some unknown reason!
Now, inside this conference room, the 【Intimidation】 of these three people was clashing, creating a strange atmosphere.
The table and windows were shaking even though there was no earthquake, and hair was fluttering even though there was no wind!
The Parirot couple were trembling while clinging to each other, and Oshiras also turned pale!
“Hey, Mediator-san.”
“Y-Yes!”
Being called out by the cra-… Lairine in such an atmosphere, Oshiras unintentionally responded in a shrill voice.
“That being the case, why don’t we do this? ‘If we fight Emi-chan and win, we can become her guardian,’ how about that? Could you prepare the documents in that form? Don’t you think this is good? What do you all think?”
Lairine looked around the room.
“Bring it on!”
“There’s no way I’d lose to an old man like this.”
Arcus and Emi, who were glaring at each other, seemed to have no objections.
The Parirot couple were just trembling and didn’t say a word of complaint.
Confirming that, Lairine… grinned!
“Then, with everyone in agreement, the discussion is over!”
Saying that, Lairine walked up to the large window of the room, her heels clicking.
And she opened it with all her might!
Whoosh!
The cold winter wind from outside blew in all at once, sweeping away the stagnant air in the room!
“You can sign the documents after the match…”
With her magnificent golden hair that reached her waist fluttering, Lairine shouted while pointing her thumb outside!
“Now! Go outside!”
“Uoooh!!!”
In response, the two idiots whose tension had risen jumped out the window!
A little behind the two, Lairine also jumped out in the same way.
…Even though this is the third floor!!
“…………”
Mediator Oshiras and the Parirot couple, who were left behind, were simply speechless.
In the room that had become completely quiet, only the sound of the winter wind blowing in from the open window echoed emptily.
“…………”
Amidst that, Mediator Oshiras stood up silently.
He slowly approached the window, put his hand on the window frame, and then…
“DO WHATEVER YOU WANT!!!”
Screaming that, he closed the window with a slam.
The end of Arc 14 Middle Part 1.
Please wait until the posting of Part 2.