Wait, Seriously? Is This Some Kind of Second Form?
* * *
The rain had stopped at some point.
Warm light peeking through the gaps in the clouds illuminated the meadow.
This meadow, which had been used as Sara’s magic practice area until recently, was now left in a terrible state, soaked in blood and mud, and littered with corpses.
It was undoubtedly a battlefield.
Amidst this scene, the only sound ringing out in the absence of rain was Emi greedily devouring the queen’s corpse – the sounds of tearing flesh, slurping blood, and crunching bones.
This battle had pushed Emi to nearly her absolute limits.
Both her physical strength and magic power were depleted to the very brink, leaving her victory hanging by a thread.
Emi’s body had unconsciously begun consuming the queen’s remains to recover the lost energy.
The queen’s body was a rich source of magic power itself.
This would undoubtedly further advance the changes in Emi’s body and leave her tormented by hunger again, but that was unavoidable.
* * *
…Huh!?
I’m Emi, soon to be 7 years old!
I came to and realized I was greedily devouring the queen’s corpse, with my hands and mouth stained crimson!
Ah, now that I think about it?
I remember defeating the queen by attacking with her spines, and then relentlessly punching her with 【Magic Strike】after that, but…?
<It’s no surprise your memories are hazy when you were pushed to your limits like that. After defeating the queen, you continued eating her remains. Your body craved energy, so you instinctively began predatory behavior.>
I-I see.
No, I see.
I survey the meadow that became this battle’s arena.
Countless topopolock corpses litter the ground.
The gentle, warm sunlight filtering through the clouds is jarringly out of place with this scene.
……I won.
<……Yes>
I suddenly feel drained and slump down.
This time was really tough.
No, every time is tough, huh?
Leaning against the queen’s corpse, I gaze up at the sky in a daze.
……Extra-sama, I was able to protect Sara-chan and my friends.
<……Yes. Amazing, Emi. You…really did your best.>
Ehehe.
<To be honest…I thought many times that it was impossible, that you couldn’t win.>
Ah…I suppose so.
Geez! Extra-sama, you’re such a defeatist!
<……Normally, one’s spirit would be crushed after such a battle. But you never gave up.>
Ehehe! Extra-sama, you can praise me more than that, you know?
<Truly, you are amazing, Emi. Truly, you are…>
……?
<…No, it’s nothing. In any case, well done. …I may have said some harsh words at times. I apologize, Emi.>
Oh no, not at all.
I did say things like “Shut up” to you too, so I’m sorry…
<……..>
……..
<…Anyway, Emi. Shall we head back to the mansion?>
Yeah……That’s a good idea, Extra-sama.
I’ll report to the Baron.
That I defeated all the topopolock hordes myself!
<Ahahah…Indeed. In the end, the situation was resolved without needing to wait for Baron Martz’s reinforcements.>
Using 【Magic Perception】 to check the mansion, it seems the barrier still hasn’t recovered.
For now, I’ve endured the stampede.
Letting them know that will allow the Baron and others to continue their work in peace.
And I need to go see Sara-chan too.
To tell her I’m alright.
……And thank her for worrying about me.
Just thinking about it fills me with joy.
It warms my heart.
I was able to protect my friend.
I feel incredibly proud.
Happy.
I stand up and start walking towards the mansion.
Still feeling a bit wobbly.
Light and dazed, but pleasantly fatigued.
Stumbling a bit, I carefully step to avoid slipping in the mud.
After this, I’d really like to just sleep for the rest of the day.
I think I’ve earned at least that much, right?
I’m utterly exhausted.
So sleepy.
……I let my guard down.
At that moment, I did.
Enveloped in fatigue and lethargy, I couldn’t help it.
That’s true, but still.
I was unable to respond to the unforeseen situation that suddenly occurred.
FLASH!!
Towards my back as I walked towards the mansion.
From behind me.
A powerful light suddenly rained down.
No sound. Not lightning.
To put it simply, the light I felt on my back was sheer power itself.
Tremendously concentrated magic power.
It struck suddenly.
Without any warning.
……The queen’s corpse.
“!?”
I instinctively turned around in surprise.
And was stunned again by the sight.
It had stood up.
The corpse.
The queen’s corpse that I thought I had defeated.
Skewered with spines, tattered, its right arm and shoulder exposed to the bone from where I had devoured it.
Even in that state.
It stood up.
“Gi……Gi, Gi……”
Groaning like rusted machinery, it convulsed twice, three times.
Gathering strength in its legs. And then.
It began sprinting at full speed!
<Wha!? Impossible!? Could this be…!?>
What!? What what!? What’s happening!?
I instantly brace myself.
Channeling what little magic power I have left into my body, 【Body Strengthening】!
But the queen paid me no mind.
She just ran right past me.
Huh?
Dumbfounded, I could only gape.
And break out in a cold sweat.
The destination the queen was sprinting towards at full speed was…
The mansion, where Sara-chan and the Baron’s group were.
This is bad!
So bad, so so bad!!
I have to stop her somehow!
But by the time I thought that, it was already too late.
CRAAAASH!!
With a tremendous rumbling sound, the queen rammed herself into the mansion.
Due to her massive body, her head and above smashed through the second floor window, plunging into that room.
That room was probably the study where the Baron’s group was working to restore the barrier.
Stumbling, I broke into a run towards the mansion.