Isekai Soul Auction
“Gods who have too much time on their hands! Welcome, welcome to today’s event!”
The curtain rises, and the heat of the audience flows onto the stage.
A strangely long-limbed man in a silk hat and tuxedo, holding a microphone, is spotlighted and shouts loudly.
His face is vaguely covered with a white mist, making it difficult to see clearly.
The microphone feedback screeches, but the man in the silk hat continues unfazed, waving back to the cheers from the audience and continuing his speech.
…So loud. I’m fully awake now.
“Today, we have the event you’ve all been waiting for! The auction of souls!”
…With that one sentence, everything clicked for me.
An auction of souls, huh.
In other words, I’m the merchandise. A soul, to be sold to these so-called “gods.”
No, I was supposed to be eating lunch and napping in the classroom, right?
Somehow, when I woke up, I found myself in an oddly luxurious… backstage? Like a fancy version of a school gym’s stage wings?
And then, I’m trapped in something like a transparent plastic case, unable to move!?
And, and, now I don’t have arms or legs!? I look like a softball-sized human soul!?
…Yeah, it didn’t make sense, but as a soul, I literally couldn’t do anything about it so I just napped carelessly.
And then I woke up because of the earlier scream and cheers.
That’s all for the report from the scene.
“Today, we have gathered young human souls from Earth! A total of 29S!”
The man in the silk hat continues to speak from the podium on the stage to the audience.
What’s with the “S”? Is that a unit for counting souls? That’s some trivia I won’t be able to use.
“Of course, regarding the souls that you successfully bid on, you are free to do with them as you please! Whether it be boiling, roasting, or even eating them! However you like!”
Laughter rises from the audience.
What!? Souls are ingredients!? Scary! Gods are scary!
Looking towards the audience, there were incredibly beautiful men and women, but also some with horns growing out, or with multiple arms and legs, some looked more like insects or lizards, and there were even indistinct, slime-like beings…
If those really were gods, then it made sense that they would consume souls, surrounded by such a crowd.
“Well! To all of you who have come here today! There’s no way you would do such wasteful things! I am well aware of that!”
It seemed to be a joke.
“Main characters, supporting roles, or even villains! However you choose to use them is fine!
Use these souls freely to weave the stories you all create! Please, make it exciting!”
…Hm? Main characters? Supporting roles? …Stories???
“Alright! The 35,486th Isekai Soul Auction in Ardyst! Has now begun!!”