大魔導’s history 1
* * *
Now, let me introduce myself again. My name is Majurog Majugam.
It seems I was born with more mana than the average person. I struggled quite a bit because of that when I was young… but after becoming an adult, I used that mana to my advantage and adventured all over the world as a mage! Sometimes I’d wipe out hordes of dragons with my grand magic, and sometimes I’d traverse unexplored, dangerous lands with my overflowing stamina! And I’m also proud to say that I’m a pioneer who discovered numerous ruins of the Super-Ancient Magic Civilization, and greatly advanced archaeological research on that era! I was even recognized as a Special-Rank Adventurer, so I don’t think that pride is entirely misplaced!
Anyway, after achieving great success as an adventurer, I devoted myself to my research and the development of the next generation when I got older.
Hmm? My research, of course, is Magic research.
I’ve already explained what Magic is.
Ever since I was young, I’ve explored the ruins of the Super-Ancient Magic Civilization, and by touching the remnants of that extraordinary technology… I’ve held an unparalleled admiration for Magic, the technology that formed the foundation of that civilization’s development! I had earned more than enough money to last me a lifetime, anyway. So, I decided to devote my later years not to adventuring, but to reviving my beloved Magic. That was… around the time I was living with my third wife, so I was about sixty years old.
Eh? Ah, yes, I had five wives. If you include the women I was in relationships with, I can’t even count the number of women I’ve been with anymore… They were all wonderful women…
I hate to say it myself, but I was very popular! Even this current face, although I adjusted it to be a little more feminine, is almost the same as my face when I was young! Strong, rich, and handsome! Kakaka, there’s no way I wouldn’t be popular!
No, th-that’s not a lie! And I’m not ‘a dirty old man’! I was just a man of many loves!
…Back to the story.
Let’s see, what was I talking about? Ah, yes, anyway, when I turned sixty, I retired from adventuring, and started Magic research in earnest with my comrades. The alchemist, Inareda, and the magic tool craftsman, Gyashikinu… They were all younger than me, but reliable comrades… Although I’m the only one left now.
My wives, and my friends.
They all left me behind.
I want to live much, much longer, but… this is just sad.
My current age? If you count continuously, I’m 139 years old this year. It’s been a little over two years since I became this body, so I’m not sure if I should call myself ‘139 years old’.
Huh? Ah, yes, this body… is probably what Emi-chan wants to know the most, right?
Kakaka, this body is a culmination of Magic, created in secret… You could say it’s a prosthetic body! I simply call it a “Magic Prosthetic Body”!
‘Transferring a soul to another body, and achieving immortality.’ That was the research theme that was once advocated by my friend, Inareda.
He died mysteriously before achieving his goal, and all of his research materials were lost in a fire.
That’s what the world believes, anyway. But actually, all of his research materials still remain.
Inside my head!
And his research was already theoretically complete! That’s why, for several years now, I’ve been carrying on his will, and working on creating this Magic Prosthetic Body, in parallel with other research! Fortunately, at the time, as the headmaster of the world-renowned Somatoko Academy, I had access to funds, facilities, and authority!
Abuse of power? That’s not true, Emi-chan. At that time, my original body was already nearing its limit. I could see my death approaching… That’s what it was like.
Listen. What do you think would happen if I died? First, Magic research would definitely stop. Not just be delayed, but completely stop. In some cases, it might even regress.
…I’ve said too much. Please forget what I just said. There are various circumstances in the adult world, you know? You don’t need to know about that, Emi-chan.
Anyway, my death would definitely be a loss for the world! That’s why, for the sake of this world, I couldn’t die yet! I want to do more research, and watch over the future of the next generation… and kaka-ka, even at this age, I’ve finally met someone I can truly call my master. So I don’t think I deserve to be blamed for using the academy’s research budget to create a personal Magic Prosthetic Body! As long as I write a research report!
…No, really, I didn’t do anything wrong. So please stop staring at me silently, as if accusing me.
Ah… Ahem, now then.
With my original body failing, I created this current body… a Magic Prosthetic Body. And just as I was about to start making preparations to finally transplant my soul into this body—
…An incident occurred.
Kakaka… That incident is now called…
…The “Great Mage Majurog Poisoning Case.”
【Alchemist Inareda】
An alchemist who lived in the town of Sorenak.
Mentioned in Arc 3.
Amazing if you remember him.
TL Note: Chapter 33, Inareda was Dahachie’s first assassination oracle from the Death God. I also just corrected a slight mistranslation in that chapter which made it seem like Sorenak was his surname.