The Great Neverfall Sky Underground Labyrinth
* * *
Zugan!
Zugagaan!
Gagaga… gaga…!
After several crashing sounds, my body, which had transformed into a bullet, seems to have stopped moving.
“…………”
Sensing that from the vibrations in my body, I pulled the 【Black Arms】, which had transformed into a bullet shape, back into my body.
And what jumped into my view… was a dimly lit passageway.
This passage, barely wide enough for two or three people to stand side by side, is made of a dark, metallic material, and a hard ‘kon-kon’ sound echoes when you kick the walls or floor.
The magic lamps embedded in the lower part of the walls, and the light bulb-like magic lamps placed at equal intervals on the ceiling, provide enough light to see nearby objects, but…
“…………”
Looking up, this passage continues endlessly… far into the distance, and with this little light, I can’t see what’s there.
Hmm… where is this?
Didn’t I break through the outer wall and reach Neverfall’s city?
<Emi, it seems that we not only broke through the outer wall, but also the ‘surface’ of Neverfall, and fell to its ‘underground’. There’s no mistake… This must be the ‘Great Neverfall Sky Underground Labyrinth’.>
Extra-sama immediately answered my question.
Neverfall… Sky Underground Labyrinth!?
Sky!?
Underground!?
Which is it!?
<It’s a Sky Underground Labyrinth because it’s an underground labyrinth floating in the sky. It was originally based on a maze attraction of the same name built during the amusement park era, but the control AI expanded it, and now it’s spread throughout the entire underground area of Neverfall, literally an impregnable labyrinth… That’s what I saw in the Travel God’s isekai broadcast before.>
The control AI… expanded it?
Why?
<It seems that the core of Neverfall… in other words, the control magic computer, the power source, and such, are hidden at the end of this labyrinth. So, it’s part of the control AI’s self-defense activities. I hear that only the Neverfall royal family, and those related to them, know the correct path.>
…Haa…
So, if we try to seriously go through this passage… it’ll be quite difficult?
<That’s for sure. This is a straight path, but there will definitely be branches ahead. It’s a maze.>
But, that said…
I turned around and sighed.
It would have been nice if the hole I made when I fell through was still there, but… it’s completely buried in rubble.
Dig through the rubble and go back to the city…
I can do it, you know?
I did it when I escaped from that underground ruin before.
But even though I can do it, do I want to do it…? No, I don’t.
It’ll be dirty, and troublesome…
<Then how about we go further into this Sky Underground Labyrinth!? I’ve never seen this labyrinth being conquered in an isekai broadcast before!>
Ehh…?
Extra-sama, you’re not getting into the sightseeing mood at this point, are you?
<Actually… I was planning to suggest seeing this labyrinth after we finished sightseeing the city! Ufufu, the order just changed!>
Geez, Extra-sama…
Well, it can’t be helped…
I sighed, acting exasperated…
…But inwardly, I was quite excited, just like Extra-sama!
I started walking down the passage of the Great Neverfall Sky Underground Labyrinth, with a renewed sense of purpose!
And then… the next moment!
Gachan!!
That metallic sound rang out above me.
And then, immediately…
A sharp iron blade, reminiscent of a guillotine…!
Fell straight towards my head!
<It’s a trap!!>
Ignoring Extra-sama’s warning.
The iron blade accurately hit my head… and…
…Was cut in half…
…The blade, that is.
<Well, there’s no way a mere iron blade, not even infused with mana, could do anything to you, right?>
Well, yeah.
But normally, you’d die from that.
Quite the killing intent, isn’t it?
I continued walking, leisurely discussing the labyrinth’s traps with Extra-sama.
And then… the next moment!
Bashun!
That launching sound rang out beside me.
And then, immediately.
An incredibly sharp, iron spear!
Thrust out straight towards my side!
<It’s a trap!!>
Ignoring Extra-sama’s warning.
The iron spear accurately hit my side and…
…Bent…
…The spear, of course.
<Well, there’s no way a mere iron spear, not even infused with mana, could do anything to you, right?>
Well, yeah.
But normally, you’d die from that too.
Quite the killing intent, isn’t it?
I continued walking, leisurely discussing the labyrinth’s traps with Extra-sama.
And then… the next moment!
Bushuwaaa!!
That spraying sound rang out beneath my feet.
And then, immediately…
As if to fill the space around me…!
A clearly harmful smoke, a color somewhere between pink and purple…!
Started spraying out!
<It’s a trap!!>
Ignoring Extra-sama’s warning.
The smoke, which is probably poison, quickly filled the space around me…
<But we just have to not breathe it, right?>
Well, yeah.
I nodded and held my breath.
I can probably operate like this for about two hours.
I can easily get out of range of the poison.
<Compared to the previous traps, the killing intent is lower.>
Ah, but…
This smoke… being in contact with it makes my skin tingle…
<Ah, then for an ordinary person, if their skin touched the smoke, it would probably be burned and they’d be in a lot of trouble.>
It still has quite the killing intent…
* * *
Well, that’s how it went.
I continued deeper into the labyrinth, fully enjoying the gimmicks that kept coming at me, trying to kill me.
Surprisingly, none of these gimmicks were the same.
I could feel the control AI’s determination to ‘definitely kill any intruder!’
<Well, this Neverfall has been in operation for over 5,000 years. It could be that it made them to kill time.>
But… how should I put it…
It’s too easy for me…
I’m getting a little bored…
I yawned as I continued down the endless straight path.
And then, finally, before my eyes…
…A single door appeared, blocking the passage!
<Oh, this is a new development!>
Extra-sama said in an excited voice.
I, too, was bored, so I happily opened the door!
And what was waiting for me there…!
…Was countless doors.
It was a large room, with countless doors, a junction of sorts.
So, whether I want to escape or reach the deepest part of this labyrinth.
I have to choose the right door from among these many doors…
And if I make a mistake, I might have to keep walking through a boring maze like before…
“…………”
I…
Somehow…
Completely lost my motivation.