Dining in a Civilized Manner
* * *
“MIGYAAAAAAAA!!”
In the depths of the lush forest, a three-eyed creature with brown scales screamed at me menacingly.
With countless spikes sprouting from its back, this was the monster topopolock I had hunted so many of in Baron Salar’s territory.
However, unlike the herd I had preyed upon in the forest back then, this individual was of considerable size.
About as large as a bear.
<Emi, to be precise, that is a Mountain Topopolock. A topopolock species that lives in mountainous regions without forming herds.>
……So?
<They are said to be extremely delicious.>
Awww yeeeaaah!!!
I’m hunting it!
Definitely hunting it!!
So it would be problematic if it got away.
I perform a 【Stone Throw】 while suppressing my killing intent as much as possible.
This is not an attack, but mere provocation.
That Mountain Topopolock likely won’t take any damage from being hit by this pebble.
Probably just find it a nuisance at most.
“MIGYAAAAAAAA!!”
Struck in the face by the pebble, the Mountain Topopolock seems thoroughly enraged.
Shrieking again, it began charging straight at me, mowing down nearby trees!
If an ordinary person incapable of fighting were standing here, they might very well faint from sheer terror!
Well, however.
To me, that charge was so slow it made me yawn.
As my opponent closed the distance for me, I slipped into the Mountain Topopolock’s embrace.
“Migyaa!?”
Perhaps my movements were unexpected, for the Mountain Topopolock let out a confused cry, but too late.
“……Hmph!”
I firmly grasped the Mountain Topopolock’s long neck and, utilizing its charging momentum……in a shoulder throw, I slammed the Mountain Topopolock into the ground!
BOOM!!
“MIGYAAAA!!?”
A thunderous impact and scream reverberated through the forest!
In addition to the damage from being slammed, the spikes on the Mountain Topopolock’s back were driven into the earth, rendering it momentarily immobile!
<It’s still alive! Finish it off!>
Yes, Extra-sama!
I leapt high into the air, spinning as I soared, and with that momentum……channeling magic power into my legs……I stomped through the Mountain Topopolock’s neck!
CRUNCH!!
Accompanied by that dull noise instead of a scream, the Mountain Topopolock fell still.
It had become meat.
Victory.
<Good work, Emi.>
Thank you, Extra-sama.
Somehow, after hunting around this forest for a bit, this one felt the strongest.
<Indeed. It may have been the ruler of this forest.>
For a “Mountain” Topopolock, why was it living in the forest at the foot of the Nanga Mountains?
<Well, if I had to guess, this individual was likely driven out of its original habitat.>
Driven out? By what?
<The green dragons.>
Ah, I see……
The western ridge of the Nanga Mountains I descended from had quite a number of green dragons inhabiting it.
With guys like that around, a topopolock of this level would have no choice but to vacate its dwelling.
But I ate all the green dragons, so they’re gone now.
From now on, I wonder if monsters originally from the mountains like this will gradually return to their former homes.
“Gulp……gulp……gulp……hmm?”
Now then, as I was performing “bloodletting” by biting into the freshly hunted Mountain Topopolock’s neck, a raindrop or two struck my skin.
The rain clouds that had been modestly dampening the ground with light drizzles seemed to have decided to get serious.
A torrential downpour immediately began.
<Whoa! Hey, Emi, let’s hurry back to base!>
Not even sparing a moment to reply to Extra-sama, I lifted the Mountain Topopolock’s meat to use as an umbrella and started running.
* * *
And so, I returned to this cavern.
This cavern with its entrance gaping open at the foot of the Nanga Mountains cliffs was reasonably spacious, offered shelter from the wind and rain, and quite comfortable to dwell in.
Last night when I descended from the mountains, I happened to find this cavern and decided to make it my sleeping quarters.
I had actually intended to set out in search of a human settlement today.
But the weather seemed ominous, so I avoided traveling far and decided to use this cavern as a base to explore the surroundings for the day.
<That judgment was correct. We may not catch colds, but wandering outside in this heavy rain would be unpleasant, right?>
Totally.
Now then, I stacked the branches and firewood I had gathered in the morning and used 【Desiccate】 on, then 【Ignite】.
Creating a small fireball and launching it, I lit the campfire.
Hmm, starting a fire is exceedingly simple.
Long live fantasy, indeed.
I silently tended to the fire for a while, warming my chilled body.
…………
Guuuuuu……
<H-Hey, Emi, let’s grill the meat. Let’s try eating the Mountain Topopolock.>
Hehehe, Extra-sama, you’re so impatient.
<Your stomach is growling too, Emi!>
I nonchalantly stood up and thrust my hand like a knife into the Mountain Topopolock’s flank.
Using 【Mantis】, I sliced off chunks of meat along with the bones.
Holding the conveniently sized meat on the bone that resulted in both hands, I began roasting it over the campfire.
Sizzle, sizzle……
A savory aroma gradually wafted from the topopolock meat as it cooked, dripping fat temporarily intensifying the campfire.
<Haaah……this smell is irresistible……>
Extra-sama murmured in rapture.
I, too……couldn’t endure it.
Unable to resist, I took a bite.
Instantly, my mouth filled with juicy meat drippings.
The skin was crispy and fragrant, the juices overflowing with umami.
Satisfyingly chewy texture.
Delicious……!
Grilled meat is delicious……!
<Come to think of it, for the past year, we’ve only been eating raw meat……>
Because when faced with meat, I lacked the composure to cook it.
Basically, I just had to keep stuffing my mouth with any creature I laid eyes on no matter what.
That’s how this past year has been.
And now I’m grilling meat!
Ah, how cultured of me!
<We’re cooking, so we’re civilized people now. Our reintegration into society is a sure thing.>
Listening to the quiet crackling of the campfire and the distant sound of rain, I nibbled on the meat while conversing softly with Extra-sama.
The warm orange glow of the campfire gently illuminated the cavern walls, creating a tranquil atmosphere.
A moment of bliss.
* * *
However, that happiness of mine was soon to be disrupted by a sudden intruder!
“Ugh, gnh……hah, hah……”
This was supposed to be an unexplored forest, densely overgrown with trees and devoid of people.
Yet somehow, a single human had tumbled into my cavern!
Gasping for breath and covered in mud, it was a middle-aged man with an unkempt beard and hair.
His arms were chained together in front of his body……
Who could this person be?
<He’s a nuisance. Shall we kill him?>
……Extra-sama, isn’t your murderous intent a bit too high?
I get that you’re in a foul mood from having our meal interrupted, but still!?
“Hah, hah, hah……”
The man lay on his back at the cavern entrance, catching his breath for a while.
He gave the impression of being utterly battered.
Minimal magic leakage.
His body seemed to contain little magic power.
Poor musculature.
In other words, physically no different from an ordinary person, or possibly even weaker since he appeared debilitated.
On top of that, his arms were restrained for some reason.
Therefore, my arrogant danger sensing ability judged him to be an inconsequential existence.
So I left him alone for now.
I would observe his behavior.
If he took any harmful actions, I would crush him immediately then.
I continued eating the meat while sitting beside the campfire, same as before.
“A M-Mountain Topopolock!?”
A few minutes later, the man finally stirred and shouted this.
It seemed he had noticed my meat’s existence and was surprised.
<……Hmm?>
Hm? What is it, Extra-sama?
<This man identified our meat as a ‘Mountain Topopolock’.>
So?
<Mountain Topopolocks inhabit mountainous areas, so they’re not something ordinary people encounter often. If he knows that, this man must have been in an environment where he could acquire such knowledge……in other words, he was likely a person of considerable status.>
And yet such a man is wandering this unexplored region with his arms bound.
Why?
Did he do something utterly inexcusable and get banished or something?
<The crime of meal disruption, I suppose.>
You’re persistent, Extra-sama.
Now then, this man.
At first he was flustered, saying absurd things like “I-Is this cavern the Mountain Topopolock’s……den……!?” but upon realizing my meat was already dead, he quickly calmed down.
“What in the world……?”
And raising his body, he began looking around restlessly.
<He’s starting to grasp the situation far too late.>
Goes to show how extreme his circumstances were.
And finally, our eyes met.
“……!!”
The man’s movements stopped abruptly.
His expression was hard to read with his hair and beard concealing it, but his eyes were wide open, apparently in shock.
Yeah, I get it, I get it.
Encountering such a beautiful girl in a cavern, of course you’d be surprised!
<Listen, Emi. Men are all beasts. If he shows the slightest sign of trying anything improper, tear him to shreds immediately, understood?>
Hmm, the comments from my mental guardian concerned for her kin remain as brutal as ever.
“”……………………””
The man and I fell silent for a time.
Enveloped by the sound of rain, our shadows cast by the campfire stretched and shrank.