Humidafai’s Secret
* * *
Extra-sama calmly began explaining information about Calamity Humidafai.
It seems that Extra-sama knows about the opponent they’re currently fighting.
She must have learned about it by watching a broadcast before.
Her usual carefree attitude had disappeared, and she was now in serious mode.
“…………”
Of course, Emi silently urged Extra-sama to continue.
She doesn’t think she can defeat this opponent as things are now.
She needs information.
<Humidafai is a mutated individual of the ‘Magic Turban Shell’, which was bred during the late super ancient magical civilization.>
But naturally, Humidafai isn’t going to patiently wait for Emi to finish organizing her information!
This super giant turban shell suddenly trembled, and then… as if to crush her… it created a large tsunami using its body!
A roaring wave of snail flesh surged towards Emi!
<Magic Turban Shells were originally bred for the purpose of garbage disposal. They were designed to consume any garbage, convert its energy into mana, and release it into the air… They were artificially created creatures. At the end of the super ancient magical civilization, the depletion of mana resources throughout the world was becoming a problem… so Magic Turban Shells were developed as one of the eco-friendly solutions.>
“…………”
Emi glared at the snail flesh tsunami as she listened to Extra-sama’s explanation.
And then, she casually formed a 【Black Arm】, forming it into a hand blade.
Furthermore, she poured mana into the 【Black Arm】 and activated a super giant 【Great Mantis】.
<But one day, a mutated individual appeared among the Magic Turban Shells. That is Humidafai. Normal Magic Turban Shells release excess energy obtained from consuming garbage as a mana-infused fog… but Humidafai can use the excess energy for self-enhancement.>
“RAAAAAAH!!!”
And then, Emi, with a battle cry, shot out her super giant 【Great Mantis】…towards the snail flesh tsunami!
GOOOOH!!!
The super giant spear-like 【Black Arm】, fully demonstrating its power, punched a huge hole in the snail flesh tsunami!
And then, that spear-like 【Black Arm】… pierced Humidafai’s body behind the tsunami.
Emi slipped through the large hole in the tsunami, pulled towards the spear.
<It seems to produce fog like a normal Magic Turban Shell when it’s sleeping… but anyway, because of this trait, Humidafai continued to grow bigger and stronger. To the point where it could break free, and devour all the humans working at the garbage disposal plant… in a single night.>
But what awaited Emi beyond the tsunami were sea slugs, large and small.
They were created from the pieces of Humidafai blown away by the spear!
The sea slugs, hopping like on a trampoline on the surface of Humidafai’s body, attacked Emi!
<The panicked humans, using the advanced magic technology of the time, cryogenically froze the entire garbage disposal plant, including Humidafai… but what happened immediately after that was the ‘Day of Ruin’. Civilization was burned down by the flames of the gods’ wrath, and the ice sealing Humidafai melted.>
“…………”
Emi undid her 【Black Arm】, created 【Black Tentacles】 as usual, and continued to dodge the sea slugs’ attacks, swaying precariously.
And then, she caught a sea slug, about the size of a baseball, that came flying at her, and casually brought it to her mouth.
<At that time, after civilization collapsed, there were no enemies for the revived Humidafai. So it extended its body and devoured everything… surviving humans, animals, plants, all living things. It grew so large that the entire eastern half of this continent was covered by Humidafai’s body.>
The sea slug… in other words, Humidafai’s body, is very elastic, and even with Emi’s jaw strength, it takes a lot of effort to devour it.
Munch, munch… rip!
Munch, munch… rip!
Emi bit into the sea slug, pulled, and then tore it off.
The piece thrown into her mouth tried to transform into a new sea slug, but she swallowed it without allowing it to, instantly dissolving and absorbing it.
There’s no taste.
It doesn’t seem to contain much mana either.
Tasteless rubber.
If she had to honestly describe Humidafai as food, that’s the report she’d have to give.
<It was only then that the gods finally took action. After the demise of the super ancient magical civilization, they were trying to build a new civilization on earth under their control. Humidafai was in their way.>
Anyway, Emi can reduce the volume of the giant Humidafai by devouring it like this.
She can… but…
<Humidafai was recognized as a Calamity, and sealed in this place by the power of a god named Ee, the Sealing God. The reason why it wasn’t defeated is because the trait of Humidafai as a Magic Turban Shell… in other words, its trait of producing mana-infused fog while sleeping… was useful to the gods for managing the world.>
“…………”
Emi looked around.
Humidafai as far as the eye can see.
Because this super giant turban shell isn’t releasing as much fog since its seal was broken, the surrounding visibility is gradually improving, but thanks to that, she can now clearly see the shell of Humidafai’s main body, which is as large as a mountain.
<It absorbs the mana flowing from the depths of the earth and releases it into the air… Humidafai was being used as a biological device for mana circulation.>
In other words, it’s endless, no matter how much she eats.
Humidafai is probably growing and spreading faster than Emi can devour it.
Realizing that reality, Emi sighed.
<Therefore…>
“Hey.”
And she finally interrupted Extra-sama’s long story.
What Emi wants to know is how to defeat this Humidafai.
Honestly, at this point, the historical context doesn’t matter much.
What should she do?
She wanted to know that.
<What should you do? …That’s simple.>
Extra-sama readily provided an answer to Emi’s question.
<You won’t lose to Humidafai… but you won’t win either. So… let’s run away.>