Into a Happy Dream with Extra
* * *
“【Ignite.】”
In the space above my open palm, where there should be nothing, a small orb of fire appears. The fireball transfers to the dried leaves and branches I had prepared earlier, crackling as it begins to burn. I skewer the meat of the Naked Awful-tasting Mouse I had caught earlier on my favorite sharp, long stone and watch intently as it roasts over the fire.
Looking up, the sky is already turning purple, cloudless, and begins to darken, a sight filled with stars more beautiful than anything imaginable in my previous life. The air is clean here. Enjoying the faint chirping of insects from the surrounding grass, I quietly observe the flickering flames of the fire. Life in this world is tough, but moments like these aren’t bad. I’ve managed to survive another day. While waiting for the meat to cook, I’m enveloped in a sense of satisfaction that overshadows the anxiety for tomorrow.
…This place is my base in Naso Forest, in front of the Kariva Great Tree’s clearing. The Kariva Great Tree is a massive tree that bears acorn-like fruits in autumn. Its trunk is so thick that ten adults holding hands could not encircle it. It has several holes in its trunk, and one of them is where I sleep. The hole, located a bit up the trunk, keeps me safe from ground-dwelling beasts, offers a great view, and is reasonably spacious and warm; it’s my favorite spot.
…When I first found this hole, it was occupied by a large owl-like creature, but I’ve killed it, so now this place is my home. That creature… was delicious.
By the way, the 【Ignite】 spell I used earlier is one of the few magics I can use. It’s a life magic that creates a small fireball by causing a chemical reaction using magical power. Besides 【Ignite】, I can also use 【Dry】, which manipulates the moisture in dead leaves and such to dry them out, and 【Collect Water】, which gathers moisture from the air to create drinking water. I think 【Body Strengthening】 and 【Presence Concealment】 might also be considered magic…
However, according to the people of this world, those aren’t categorized as magic. Well, it’s just a classification made by humans, and since all these techniques fundamentally involve manipulating magical power, I think it’s fine to consider them the same.
<Emi, it should be good by now.>
…Yeah, you’re right, Extra. I take a bite of the mouse meat, now somewhat less smelly after being thoroughly cooked.
It’s hard.
I focus 【Body Strengthening】 intensively on my jaw and teeth, forcing myself to bite through the meat. Additionally, I’ve protected the inside of my mouth with 【Body Strengthening】 as well, so the heat doesn’t cause any burns.
As I chew, the smell and bitterness spread throughout my mouth, but the salt that Cody gave me (gave…?) makes it taste somewhat better. That is, it’s somewhat better compared to what I usually eat.
<Sigh… Delicious, isn’t it, Emi? Indeed, food is the greatest form of entertainment!>
Extra and I share sensations, but how we evaluate those sensations differs between us. …Extra, having never “eaten anything” for many years as a “vessel for a god,” basically finds everything delicious, blessed with a blissfully undiscriminating palate.
<…Did you just mock me a bit?>
Not at all, not at all!
<If you think I’m taste-blind, I’d be offended! I just have a broad tolerance, but I can definitely discern flavors!>
In my mind, Extra is puffing up in anger.
<But no matter what it is, as long as I can eat it with Emi, it tastes absolutely delicious!>
Hey, hey! Don’t just say things like that out of the blue! …It’s embarrassing!
Feeling somewhat shy from the exchange, I quickly finished my meal and climbed up the tree to my sleeping spot.
Though I felt a bit down today after all the thinking, I managed to feel a bit more positive in the end.
Tomorrow will surely be okay. Tomorrow will definitely be a better day than today.
Thank you always, Extra.
Ehehe, because you’re with me, I can keep going.
Please… keep supporting me… from now on…
<Ufufu, likewise. Please take care of me too, Emi…>
With a warm feeling, I embarked on a journey to the world of dreams.
…That night, I dreamt of eating a feast in a warm home together with Extra. Since I’ve been fortunate enough to reincarnate, I want to let Extra taste even more delicious food.
Surely, that would be a wonderful thing.
Aiming for such a future, I must survive for now.
Let’s do our best together again tomorrow, Extra…
However, that blissful drowsiness was shattered as soon as the sun rose the next morning, by a tremendous roar and vibration.