【Tales of the Gods 12】 Sea God Seonnaght Kep Topungkit
* * *
Deep, deep, deep…… at the bottom of the sea where no light reaches.
At the bottom of that sea, there is only one thing emitting light.
It’s a thin board where the state of the lower world flows.
A display that until just now…… was projecting the story of one creature that started moving due to a new encounter.
<<<Hmm…… you’re finally moving forward, Zaratopu.>>>
The one who muttered that satisfactorily while gazing at the display was…… something super giant coiled up at the bottom of the sea.
It has a long body and beautiful scales similar to a Great Sea Serpent, but it has short limbs attached.
It also has a mane of vivid orange color like the setting sun, swaying with the flow of water, which is different from Great Sea Serpents.
In other words, he is not a Great Sea Serpent.
However, he is deeply related to them.
He is the ancestor who created the Great Sea Serpent clan in the age of chaos.
……A former guardian of the world called the Azure Dragon and a biological weapon created by the gods.
Currently revered as the Sea God Seonnaght Kep Topungkit, one of the pillars of the heavenly realm.
That is who he is, and although this place has an environment reminiscent of the deep sea, it is actually his divine domain that he himself has arranged for comfort.
<<<Good, good.>>>
He narrowed his eyes while peeking at the back of Zaratopu, who parted with Emi and started swimming towards the group he once ran away from.
His beloved child, whom he had been observing for many years, has made another step of growth.
Nothing could make him happier.
……The phrase “has been observing” has a literal meaning.
He has been observing Zaratopu all along.
He doesn’t record and broadcast it.
He doesn’t unnecessarily interfere, such as granting blessings.
He just keeps observing.
It’s an ancient, time-honored way of interacting with the lower world.
The trigger was when he noticed there was a child who had particularly deep faith in him among a certain Great Sea Serpent clan.
The Sea God, who carelessly projected the image of that child on the display, immediately took a liking to him.
Timid and pathetic.
But actually strong at the core, hardworking.
His figure devotedly training in magical power manipulation, admiring the former self…… the Azure Dragon, was so endearing and adorable.
His relationship with his sister-in-law and childhood friend, who actually liked Zaratopu but couldn’t express it honestly, was also good.
The way he grew up while being taught and enlightened by the kind and wise clan leader was also wonderful.
In the scene where Zaratopu was half-killed by the new clan leader and ran away from the group, the Sea God was so sad, so sad…… that due to his emotional investment, he caused a great storm in the sea of the lower world, which became a big problem.
However, Zaratopu’s story had no movement for about 100 years.
Because Zaratopu created a territory in the sea area off the coast of Panemo and started a peaceful life there.
From the perspective of the observer, it’s boring, but…… even so, the Sea God didn’t deliberately give trials to intentionally move the story.
To love the beings living in the sea as they are.
That was the Sea God’s stance as a god.
Furthermore, his innate nature was also involved in that.
He is…… averse to trouble.
A god giving trials means, in other words, a god influencing the lower world.
As a result, it’s common for various troublesome things to occur as ripple effects.
Considering that, he couldn’t bring himself to give trials to living beings like other gods.
In other words…… the rampage of Barnacle Garozg that tormented Zaratopu was a truly coincidental incident.
<<<Really…… if the handling of Divine Jewels isn’t done more carefully, it’s troublesome.>>>
So the Sea God complained briefly.
The Divine Jewel that Garozg picked up.
The white jewel imbued with a god’s magical power.
That was originally a national treasure in the human country called Ashgo.
It caused trouble for the sea creatures after going around and around.
The Sea God really wanted to complain to the god who is the main god of Ashgo.
But he won’t because it’s troublesome.
……The Sea God doesn’t even know what kind of god the main god of Ashgo is.
Because it’s troublesome to investigate.
<<<Well, anyway…… the rampage of that pitiful barnacle has stopped. Good, good.>>>
After muttering that quietly, the Sea God closed his eyes and observed a moment of silence for all the creatures that lost their lives in this incident.
That included Garozg.
Even that barnacle was a being living in the sea that the Sea God loved.
It was truly painful to see him being distorted in his way of being due to the influence of the Divine Jewel.
Therefore, the Sea God was deeply grateful to Zaratopu, who defeated Garozg, and to the small human Emi.
……However.
<<<That…… Emi, was it? That child is…… not good.>>>
The Sea God also felt that way.
That girl…… if you just look at her vaguely, there’s no problem.
However…… if you try to stare intently, a sense of discomfort immediately arises.
If it’s just discomfort, it’s fine.
What befalls the Sea God who continues to pay attention despite that is a strange sense of unease.
And…… a sense of discomfort.
In other words, that girl has some kind of concealment treatment applied to her by someone…… someone akin to a god.
If you try to expose it, you are assaulted by a sense of discomfort, so that discomfort itself is what that someone is concealing.
Moreover, that concealment is quite advanced.
If it’s a weak god, it would be difficult to even notice the discomfort.
Why in the world?
What is being concealed?
Why is it being concealed?
Does it have something to do with that girl’s abnormally high vitality?
……The more you think about it, the fishier it becomes.
A sense of discomfort is, in other words, a danger signal.
It’s like a foul odor, for example.
For oneself, for a god…… for the world.
It feels unpleasant because there is harm.
<<<Come to think of it……>>>
Here, the Sea God remembered the little girl who became a spirit and visited his divine domain the other day.
The Water Goddess Weelow.
Apparently, she has had her guardian sacred beasts that she had placed on the Golden Continent hunted and killed by someone continuously recently.
Therefore, she was ranting in her unique way of speaking that she would find the culprit no matter what and inflict divine punishment on them.
<<<If it’s Emi’s combat power, perhaps……>>>
Should I tell her?
About Emi.
<<<……………………>>>
The Sea God pondered deeply…… and manipulated the seawater to lift up a conch-shaped portable communication device, staring at it for a while, but……
<<<…………Never mind. It’s troublesome.>>>
Suddenly, plop.
He tossed the communication device.
<<<In the first place>>>
And putting his head on his own body coiled up, he slowly closed his eyes.
<<<‘We have already fulfilled our obligation to the world,’ was it…… kukuku, that’s absolutely right, Oll……>>>
While remembering the words of his once mischievous friend.
The Sea God quietly began to doze off.
TL Note: I think that last line is referring to Gazangist Oll Deorthol – The Black Dragon. Seeing how the Sea God is the former Azure Dragon, this makes sense.