“Raging Destruction Squid,” Emperor Emperor
* * *
“IKAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!”
The white tentacle that attacked Zaratopu…… its owner appeared on the sea while letting out an intimidating scream.
It was…… a squid.
A super, giant…… squid that covered its body surface with barnacles like armor!!
<Aah! That guy is!?>
Extra-sama, noticing something upon seeing the giant squid, shouts!
What’s wrong!?
Do you know about that guy!?
<Yes…… I know, without a doubt! I have seen this squid before in the Fishing God’s isekai reincarnation broadcast!>
W-What did you say!?
<That guy is the legendary giant squid that is said to have destroyed a maritime nation!>
The legendary giant squid!?
<It has been feared as the king of squid for at least 500 years!>
The king of squid!?
<The number of fishing boats it has destroyed by ramming with its huge body is countless! It has a history of once eradicating torch fishing from this world!>
The fishermen’s nemesis!?
<Its name is…… “Raging Destruction Squid,” Emperor Emperor!!>
I see…… that huge body…… that guy is the other one of the “demons” Zaratopu spoke of……!
“IKAAAAA!!”
Perhaps due to the significant damage from being slammed into the sea surface, Zaratopu, drifting among the waves, can’t move properly.
Aiming at that Great Sea Serpent, the giant squid raised one of its huge tentacles high in the sky…… and swung it down with all its might!
“Zaratopu, watch out!!”
I abandoned my attack on the giant shrimp and instinctively gouged out the carapace at my feet, throwing it at the giant squid’s tentacle!
“Ikaaaa!?”
The carapace I threw successfully hit the giant squid’s tentacle.
That elastic tentacle absorbed the impact and seemed to minimize the damage…… but as intended, its trajectory was shifted.
The giant squid’s attack missed.
It slammed into the empty sea surface next to where Zaratopu was floating.
DO…… PAAAHN!!
With a tremendous impact sound, spray rises high into the sky!
For now, that’s good!
Zaratopu is safe!
“Shushuuuushuuu!!!”
“Oh no……!?”
However, the cover fire for Zaratopu.
By doing this, I ended up exposing a big opening.
And the ones who didn’t miss that opening…… were not the barnacles!
“……!!”
The barnacles clinging in large numbers to the giant shrimp’s body must have sensed through some means that my 【Magic Slash Threads】 defense had become lax as I diverted my magical power resources to the cover fire for Zaratopu.
They all took advantage of that opening at once, extending their cirri to wrap around my body and started restraining me!
If it were one or two, I could forcibly tear them off and escape…… but there are just too many!
My entire body is tied up, and I can’t move!
……Ah.
<Emi!? Aah, Emi!! W-What should we do!? What should we do!?>
Extra-sama has completely fallen into a panic.
Hmm, I can’t really expect useful advice.
<Why are you so calm!?>
I’m not calm.
I’m also quite flustered.
……But you know, Extra-sama.
Right now, I can see it.
In other words, you can see it too.
Look closely at the sea.
<Eh……!?>
“PYURURURURUUU!!!”
What was heard at that moment was a high-pitched cry.
But it’s different from the screams I’ve heard many times before.
It’s the war cry…… of someone who has made up their mind!!
<Ah, that’s……!>
That’s right!
What we had captured in our field of vision!
It was!
“EBIIIIIIIIIII!!”
“IKAAAAAAA!!”
Dodging all the pursuit attacks of the giant shrimp’s claws and the giant squid’s tentacles, the one who came charging towards us at a furious speed!
It’s the Great Sea Serpent Zaratopu, who has regained its breath!!
<<<Anegoooo!!!>>>
A 【Telepathy】 reaches my mind.
Hearing that desperate voice, I somehow felt extremely happy.
Ah, I.
……have gained a reliable underling!
TL Note: “Ebi” and “Ika” are actually the Japanese words for shrimp and squid respectively. So these monsters are literally just screaming “SHRIIIMP” or “SQUIIID”. I decided not to translate that way since it’s more realistic for them to be able to scream Japanese syllables rather than a constructed word in English.