【Adventurer Mitran】Harishurap’s Father
* * *
“Damn you! What do you think you’re doing? Is this betrayal!?”
The large Triangle, presumably the leader of the Sunrise Triangle, shouted angrily at the driver of the giant centipede, who had suddenly protected Harishurap-san!
And he swings his machete wildly!
The whooshing sound of the blade cutting through the air is terrifying!
“Ha… haha, I’m an illegal transporter who’ll do anything for money… I thought I had abandoned all human emotions a long time ago… but it seems I was still naive.”
The driver, whose face was covered, coughed, chuckled, and… probably unable to stand any longer due to the pain… fell backwards, landing on his back.
And then—
“If my son… who I had to leave due to certain circumstances… were still alive, he’d be about your age. Thinking that… my body moved on its own.”
He said that, his voice weak, looking at Harishurap-san!
“!!?”
Hearing those words… we gasped, thinking ‘No way’!
Because Harishurap-san said at the oasis!
That his father abandoned his family and left home a long time ago!
So… so!
The identity of that driver…!
“W-Wait, old man! Let me see your face… your forehead!”
Harishurap-san, saying that, hurriedly started to tear off the cloth covering the driver’s face!
Since the cloth is wrapped in many layers, and each layer is tightly tied, Harishurap-san, in his haste, can’t easily untie it!
“My scumbag father, who abandoned my family, had a big cross-shaped scar on his forehead! Could it be… Could it be, you’re…!!”
Even so, Harishurap-san desperately managed to tear off all the cloth covering the driver’s face!
And then, the driver’s face that was revealed!!
“………………”
…Was a complete stranger’s face, totally different from Harishurap-san’s.
There’s no cross-shaped scar on his forehead, and even his skin color is different.
Harishurap-san has brown skin, but the driver has white skin.
First of all, they’re a different race…
“No, who…?”
“…I’m an illegal transporter, Barishdop.”
Barishdop!?
So the driver’s name is Barishdop!
It sounds somewhat similar to Harishurap!?
Could it be!?
“…That’s not my scumbag father’s name…”
“…Of course not. I’m not your father.”
Ah, it’s different!
They’re complete strangers!
“…Why did you protect me?”
“…I told you, didn’t I? You’re about the same age as my estranged son. And… it would be a shame for a skilled transporter like you… to have your future cut short.”
“…Why were you hiding your face?”
“…Ah, that’s because I have sensitive skin…”
“…………”
Th-This awkward silence!
Well, it’s just that we had our own expectations!
Wait, huh?
“Barishdop-san? Why aren’t you bleeding, even though you were cut?”
Here, I noticed that fact.
Barishdop-san was clearly cut by a machete, and he’s still in pain, but he’s not bleeding that much.
He seems relatively unharmed.
“…Oh, this pendant protected me…”
Barishdop-san, saying that, fumbled around his chest and took out a pendant he was hiding under his clothes!
The pendant has a button, and when Barishdop-san pressed it, the lid opened—Pakari—and inside…!
…Is a picture of a scantily clad woman hidden inside…!
“…No, who is she?”
“…She’s Sasuratie-chan, the poster girl of the bar I frequent.”
Seriously, who!?
“…She’s my… favorite.”
I don’t know her!?
“…If I make it back alive… I’ll tell her how I feel…!”
Do whatever you want!!
“Hey, you guys! Stop ignoring us and chattering amongst yourselves!”
“Wawaah!?”
And here!
The large Triangle, who had been silently watching the incomprehensible farce unfolding before him, finally lost his patience and swung his machete wildly!
“S-Sorry! I thought we might have found Harishurap-san’s missing father, so I got carried away!”
“Save that kind of farce for when your lives aren’t on the line! Read the room!”
Hiiih!
I was just lectured by a pervert with a triangular pyramid on his head, swinging a machete!
“And… Harishurap, you say!?”
“Hyaa!?”
And here!
The large Triangle shouted even louder, and thrust his machete into the sand—Whoosh!
And then, grabbing the triangular pyramid covering his head with both hands, he lifted it up!
…And shouted!!
“THAT’S… MY SON’S NAME!!!”
His revealed skin is brown!
And on his forehead is a large… cross-shaped scar!
Seeing the large Triangle’s true face, Harishurap-san trembled and muttered!
“…You damn old man… you were… alive…!!”
…Eh.
Eh.
EEEH…?!?
It was you all along!?