The Giant Yumushi and the Three Women 1
* * *
“Rah!!”
Emi, Shimegamamo, and Saint Ad rushed out almost simultaneously, but because of her leg strength, Emi was the first to move ahead of the other two!
“【Great Mantis】!!”
Emi, approaching the Grand Armored Yumushi with incredible speed, created mana blades from her fingertips, and began unleashing slashes, as if dancing!
She punched this Grand Armored Yumushi with almost all her might earlier.
But this giant annelid didn’t die.
Perhaps it’s resistant to blunt attacks.
So she decided to use slashes.
If blunt attacks don’t work, use slashes.
That’s her carnage flowchart!
“Rah! Rah! Rah! Rah! …!”
But surprisingly, even Emi’s high-speed slash rush doesn’t seem to be much of a threat to the Grand Armored Yumushi.
Emi’s slashes are incredibly fast, chipping away at the Kodorokizo ore armor that the Grand Armored Yumushi is wearing… but this armor—it regenerates as it’s chipped away.
No matter how much Emi chips away at it… the purple Kodorokizo ore fragments that fly into the air return to their original positions, as if rewinding recorded footage.
It’s probably manipulating them with telekinesis, the same way it fired the 【Magic Ore Bullets】… but because of that, there’s no end to it.
“RAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
Then, she’ll just chip it away faster than it regenerates!
Emi decided that, and increased her slashing speed even further!
This is the battle on the Grand Armored Yumushi’s left flank.
On the right flank, Shimegamamo, the second one to attack, has finally reached it.
“Uoooh… Rah!!”
Shimegamamo, dodging the intermittently fired 【Magic Ore Bullets】, approached the Grand Armored Yumushi, and jumped high.
And then…
“【Great Grassland Cleaver】!!”
Spinning vertically, she unleashed a slash with her cleaver!
GAKIIN!!
Shimegamamo’s cleaver, making a hard sound, created a wound on the Grand Armored Yumushi’s armor.
And then, moss and low-growing plants instantly sprouted from that wound, and then vines, like the ones the triplets cut down earlier, started to grow, gradually covering the Grand Armored Yumushi’s body… but.
“YUGYAAH!!”
Bathed in the intense, purple light emitted from the Grand Armored Yumushi’s entire body, all the plants instantly withered and died.
“Tch… I didn’t charge it up enough!”
Shimegamamo, kicking the Grand Armored Yumushi’s armor, jumped away, clicked her tongue in frustration, and started dodging the 【Magic Ore Bullets】 that began to be fired at her again.
“Haa… I rushed out here, but what should I do…”
Now, while Emi was fighting on the left flank, and Shimegamamo was fighting on the right flank, Saint Ad, a little behind the two, was standing in front of the Grand Armored Yumushi, tilting her head and sighing.
Because her most powerful attack was the 【Barrier・Super Great Mallet】, where she crushes her opponent with a giant hammer created with a barrier.
But this hammer’s attack range is wide, and there’s a risk of hitting the other two, who are fighting near the Grand Armored Yumushi.
She can’t use it in this situation.
“…Should I just harass it? 【Barrier・Small Mallets】.”
So Saint Ad decided to draw its aggro.
She created countless small mallets above the Grand Armored Yumushi’s head… and started hitting it with them—poko-poko.
“Yugya… Yugyaah!!”
It seemed that it found that incredibly annoying, because the Grand Armored Yumushi started firing all its 【Magic Ore Bullets】 at Saint Ad!
And as a result, the barrage against Emi and Shimegamamo lessened!
“Ahahaha! It’s just a Yumushi after all! You can’t beat the wisdom of humans, oooiーーー!?”
DAGAGAGAGAGA!!
Saint Ad, blocking the countless 【Magic Ore Bullets】 with her 【Barrier・Shield】, taunted the Grand Armored Yumushi!
“YUGYAAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
The Grand Armored Yumushi, as if annoyed by her taunts, jumped up and down, shaking the ground, like it was stomping its feet.
…But this stomping wasn’t just an expression of frustration.
Every time the Grand Armored Yumushi jumped, the lumps of Kodorokizo ore and other debris exposed on the surrounding ground started floating into the air, drifting.
“Oh… Oh!?”
The one who noticed that was Saint Ad, who was able to grasp the overall situation because she was fighting at a distance.
Looking up, she saw a cloud of floating stones.
The Grand Armored Yumushi in front of her, stopped firing 【Magic Ore Bullets】, and was trembling, as if charging up its power…
“It’s going to do something!! Get back here!!”
Saint Ad shouted a warning, and deployed 【Barrier・Roof】 above them!
“!!”
Shimegamamo, hearing that warning, finally noticed the cloud of stones above, and instantly assessed the situation!
She started running towards Saint Ad’s barrier!
But it was at that moment!
“YUGYAAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
The Grand Armored Yumushi—screamed.
And at the same time.
…A ‘rain of stones’, so intense that it blocked out their vision, began to pour down!
“Uoooooh!!”
Shimegamamo slid into Saint Ad’s barrier just in time, and was safe.
But…!
“Um, where’s that black-haired, black-eyed young lady…!?”
Emi isn’t there.
She was too focused on attacking, and didn’t hear Saint Ad’s warning.
DOZAZAZAZAZA…!!
The rain of stones, mercilessly poured down, not caring about Saint Ad’s feelings.
It lasted for about a few seconds.
When their vision cleared, their surroundings were completely buried in debris.
The girl, in her jet-black robe… isn’t there.
“Ah… This is bad! This… Yumushi…!!”
Saint Ad’s face turned pale, at the fact that she couldn’t save the girl, and then, angered by her powerlessness, glared at the Grand Armored Yumushi, whose movements have slowed, perhaps entering a cooldown period.
“…………”
Shimegamamo, on the other hand, was staring blankly at the debris piled up around them.
The strong one… the devil… whose power she can’t match.
Was this gigantic monster before her eyes able to defeat even that?
Despair washed over Shimegamamo.
But… it was at that moment!
Boko!!
With that sound—a piece of debris near the Grand Armored Yumushi was blown away, and then—
“…………”
Emi, covered in debris, crawled out!
((She’s alive…!?)
Saint Ad and Shimegamamo gasped, breaking out in a cold sweat.
“…………”
Emi, shaking her body like a dog, shook off the debris, and—
Guuuu—her stomach growled.
“I’m getting hungry!”
She shouted, and stomped her foot impatiently.
((And she’s pretty lively…!?)
Saint Ad and Shimegamamo were so shocked that their mouths dropped open and they broke out into a cold sweat.