goodbye 大魔導
* * *
“Wh-What!? What are you doing, Emi!?”
Sensei, lifted by my 【Black Tentacles】, shouted, struggling uselessly.
Her large breasts, the scant fabric, and my tentacles combined… create a very erotic scene, but I’ll omit the detailed description!
“‘What am I doing?’ It’s simple.”
I landed softly on the floor, avoiding the teleportation magic circle, and started carrying Sensei with my tentacles.
Slowly, and carefully.
Because the human body is fragile.
And it doesn’t seem like the Magic Prosthetic Body is extremely durable either.
I might crush it if I’m not careful.
What’s at my destination is the teleportation magic circle, still emitting a purple light.
…Yeah.
“I’m not the one who should be teleporting. It should be Sensei.”
If only one person can be teleported.
Then I’ll stay here.
DOON!
A crashing sound echoed from beyond the control room door.
The sludge has broken through another bulkhead.
That sound is getting much closer.
It’s only a matter of time before it comes pouring into this room.
“You can’t do that, Emi! Don’t say such foolish things!”
“The one saying foolish things is you, Sensei.”
Sensei shouted, still struggling in midair.
But my resolve is firm.
“I’m the one who ate all the food, and broke the magic stone. It’s all my fault. The sludge appearing is probably my fault too. Because I’m a cursed child.”
“…!! That’s—”
“That’s why I’ll stay. You escape, Sensei.”
“That’s not right, Emi!! That sludge is probably…!!”
DONN!!
The sound of another bulkhead being broken echoed.
The room shook.
There’s no more time!
“Goodbye, Sensei. The month we spent together… was fun.”
I floated Sensei above the teleportation magic circle, and then—
Gently… released my tentacles, so that it wouldn’t hurt her.
Thump. Sensei’s body landed on the magic circle.
The light emitted from the magic circle intensified, and the entire room was dyed purple!
“See you later!”
Hearing my final farewell—
Sensei’s eyes widened in surprise.
…And then, enveloped in a purple light—
She disappeared from the room.
“…………”
The control room became dim again.
The light of the magic circle has completely disappeared, and the only light source is the dim emergency lights.
I tried standing on the teleportation magic circle, but nothing happened.
It’s probably broken now.
…Anyway, it’s now back to business as usual.
I’m alone.
<I’M HERE TOOOO!!>
Ehehe, sorry, Extra-sama.
I know.
DOOON!
…It’s noisy.
Another bulkhead was broken.
This is probably it.
The next bulkhead is the last line of defense.
If that’s broken, the sludge will enter this room.
<So, what are you going to do now, Emi?>
Extra-sama asked me.
…Huh, you’re not panicking at all, Extra-sama?
<Because you said “see you later” to Majurog, Emi. You don’t intend to die, do you?>
Of course not.
The most important thing to me is my life.
If there was no chance of survival, I would have teleported myself, respecting Sensei’s will.
……Probably.
<Then how are we going to escape from the sludge’s encirclement?>
That’s simple, Extra-sama.
Actually… I realized this method along the way.
But I didn’t do it then, because Sensei would have died.
It’s okay, it’s okay.
I’ll just do it… as usual.
<…What do you mean, “as usual”??>
Ignoring Extra-sama’s suspicious question, I once again pierced my 【Black Tentacles】 into the remaining fragment of the giant magic stone.
And I forcefully absorbed mana.
As much as possible, while I still can.
“Kuh!”
Blood overflowed from my mouth.
<Emi! Don’t push yourself!>
I’m sorry, Extra-sama.
I want to increase my mana as much as possible right now.
…The light of the giant magic stone fragment, which had been faintly shining yellow, quickly faded.
It seems that a lot of mana was also used for the teleportation.
There’s almost no magical power left in this magic stone.
After absorbing all the mana, and completely emptying the magic stone, I pulled out and erased my 【Black Tentacles】.
DOOOOOOOOOOON!!!
Here.
The last bulkhead was broken.
It’s the time limit!
Blowing away the control room door, the sludge invaded the room like a raging torrent!
<S-S-So!? What are you going to do, Emi!?>
You see, Extra-sama.
What was preventing me from escaping from here… wasn’t this sludge, after all.
<HUH!?>
The reason I couldn’t escape from this Great Prison of Delenezo was because of the Great Prison of Delenezo itself.
It’s because of the barrier, which even I can’t destroy, protecting the walls and floors of this facility.
But now, the barrier of this facility has completely disappeared.
<N-No way!? So!!>
Yes, so!!
This Great Prison of Delenezo!!
I can now forcibly break through and escape!!
“RAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!”
I moved my legs with magic power… and ran towards the sludge flowing towards me!
And then, like a swimmer diving, I jumped!
Twisting my body in midair, spinning rapidly like a drill… I covered my entire body with 【Black Tentacles】… and created a cone-like shape!
And then!
I jet-propelled mana from my back!
I started my charge… to break through everything, the sludge, the walls of the Great Prison, and escape!
“JAILBREAK! IT IIIIIIIIIIIIIS!!!”