【Adventurer Mitran】The Meeting of Mitran and Leseida, the Silver-Haired Archaeologist
* * *
“That’s why, you know! A weakling like you! Ruins exploration! Don’t make me laugh, is what I’m saying!”
“That’s right! The treasures in the ruins are ours! Teacher, go read a book in your room or something!”
“Go read a book in your room or something!!”
At this remark that showed a complete lack of understanding, Leseida the silver-haired archaeologist sighed.
Depending on the field, in order to gain the knowledge to write that book, scholars cannot always be holed up in their research labs.
For an archaeologist like Leseida, the importance of fieldwork, the need to rush to the site and conduct research when ruins are discovered, should be obvious even to a child… but it seems that logic doesn’t get through to the two eyepatch-wearing men in front who are clearly violent.
The stupidity of not understanding logic.
The attitude that clearly looked down on and mocked Leseida.
The combination of these things fueled Leseida’s irritation.
That’s why Leseida unintentionally… let that usual habit slip out.
“Ah, that’s right. Maybe I should return to my room. After all, fortunately, I can secure lodging. Unlike you guys, who would probably be denied entry due to the terrible smell.”
It would have been better to walk away silently!
Leseida clearly said something unnecessary and picked a fight with the ruffians!
Leseida hates losing and is relatively quick to pick fights.
This is a trait that Leseida’s bloodline commonly inherits.
There are quite a few fights within the family too, so Leseida’s siblings all become independent from home early.
It’s not that they have a bad relationship, though.
Leseida’s youngest brother, for example, became an independent adventurer at a very young age.
Well, that aside.
“You bastard! We’re kindly warning you here!”
“Unforgivable! Ander, let’s get him!”
“Yeah! Let’s teach him a painful lesson, Tappa!”
These two ruffians, who seemed to be called Ander and Tappa, were completely enraged by Leseida’s provocation.
This was entirely Leseida’s fault.
If this had been a remark made within the archaeology research lab at Kiralimake Academy where Leseida had previously belonged, what would have followed would have been an exchange of sarcasm.
However, this was not a research lab, but the middle of town.
And the ones being dealt with were not fellow researchers, but ruffians.
Therefore, what was about to begin was an exchange of violence.
Leseida is a scholar, but not completely incapable of fighting.
Not to the extent of that younger brother, but Leseida has a talent for magic and is skilled enough to travel alone while kicking monsters around within the Golden Continent.
However, the same goes for the two ruffians in front.
One couldn’t sense the intelligence to use magic, but these two were plenty strong, which is why they were ruffians.
If it turned into a fight, it was obvious that the two ruffians who were used to rough business would have the overwhelming advantage.
(Hmm, this is bad.)
Even in the face of the crisis brought about by that careless remark, Leseida’s thoughts remained calm.
But because it was so sudden, those feet wouldn’t move.
Having to get punched two or three times and then pathetically retreat would be the result.
Surely they wouldn’t kill anyone in the middle of town.
Just as Leseida made up that mind, at that moment.
“Watch out!!”
Suddenly, a small figure jumped in between Leseida and the ruffians!
“Wha!?”
“Huh!? What!?”
That small figure… an exceptionally beautiful girl dressed in a boy’s adventurer outfit, nonchalantly caught the fists of the two ruffians.
“Hah! Hah!”
“Uwaaah!?”
With monstrous strength unimaginable from her body, she forcibly swung the ruffians’ bodies around and hurled them far away!
“Guh! W-What’s with this brat…!?”
The ruffian who tumbled to the ground hurriedly got up and glared, but the beautiful girl paid no heed at all.
Standing imposingly in front of Leseida, she boldly declared.
“Hey, misters! Fighting in town is not good! But if you insist… I’ll be your opponent!”
“Tch! What do we do, Ander!?”
“Y-You idiot! There’s no question about it! That brat is dangerous!?”
The ruffians who were pathetically thrown must have had their pride severely wounded.
However, these two did not become even more enraged and try to attack the beautiful girl.
“It’s best not to approach”
“A dangerous kid!”
Instead, as if some trauma had been triggered, they turned pale, whispered something to each other while nodding…
“R-Remember this!”
“No, rather forget about us!”
Saying such parting words, they fled from the scene.
“W-Wow! Amazing!”
“You’re strong, miss!”
“Well done!”
Seeing that the ruffians were out of sight, the people who had been watching from around approached the beautiful girl and praised her.
“Ehehe! This much is nothing!”
The beautiful girl puffed out her chest but also shyly rubbed under her nose with her finger.
“Hmm…!”
Leseida stared intently at that sight.
She truly looked like a lovely beautiful girl.
Round and large, green sparkling eyes, long eyelashes.
Her navy blue hair, trimmed to about shoulder length, was silky smooth and beautifully fluttering in the wind.
Although she was wearing a boy’s adventurer outfit, even those slightly worn clothes seemed to shine when this girl wore them.
But, however.
What Leseida was truly focusing on was not that.
Leseida had noticed.
The adventurer’s license hanging around this beautiful girl’s neck.
The fact that her adventurer rank, recorded there, was 5th rank.
In other words, despite her young appearance, this girl was already recognized by the Adventurer’s Guild as a first-rate adventurer with real skills.
Moreover, the fact that her combat ability was undoubtedly high had just been demonstrated right in front.
On top of that, she was a girl.
For Leseida, it was “reassuring.”
There was no other way to describe this encounter than fate!
This meeting must not be wasted!
With that determination in mind, Leseida spoke to the beautiful girl.
“Excuse me. You’re incredibly strong. Thanks to you, I was saved. You have my gratitude.”
Saying that, Leseida took off their hat and bowed with a hand on the chest.
That silver hair, tied in a braid at the back of the head, flowed smoothly from the side of the neck to the front.
“Huh? Ehehe, you’re welcome!”
The beautiful girl laughed with a smile and waved her hand cheerfully.
As expected, she was beautiful.
Leseida also had beautiful features and was popular among both men and women at the academy, but was no match for this beautiful girl.
“May I ask your name?”
“Yeah! I’m Mitran!”
“I see, Mitran-kun. My name is Leseida. I’m a traveling archaeologist. Nice to meet you.”
“Yeah! Nice to meet you too.”
Mitran grasped Leseida’s quietly extended right palm with his own right hand and shook it vigorously.
“By the way, Mitran-kun. This may be sudden, but you’re an adventurer, right?”
“That’s right!”
In response to Mitran, who replied with a radiant smile, Leseida put on a serious face and brought up the topic.
“Then this must also be some kind of fate. I apologize for the suddenness, but I have been looking for a capable adventurer like you! Would you be willing to accept a request from me?”
“A request? If you go through the guild…”
“I see! I see!”
Mitran tilted his head in puzzlement and readily agreed without being on guard.
Leseida grasped Mitran’s hand with both hands this time and showed a beaming smile.
“In that case, I would like to ask you! To be my bodyguard during the investigation and research of the ‘Ahate River Upstream Ruins’!”
【Some kind of trauma】
The emotional scars etched by a mysteriously fearsome cursed child.
However, it was well-deserved.