Borrowed Things, Owned Things
* * *
【Super Combat Instinct】 and 【Super Intuition】.
These two cheat abilities have always been “correct”, as long as they activate.
【Super Combat Instinct】 always correctly tells Mitran the combat actions he should take.
【Super Intuition】 always shows Mitran the path he should take.
These cheat abilities, which are always “correct”, are both saying the same thing.
‘Run away immediately.’
Abandon your comrades.
That’s the only way you can barely survive.
That’s the kind of opponent you’re facing.
“A-A-Ah…”
Mitran’s face was pale, his body trembling, and he let out a groan of despair.
He could barely stand from the sheer terror.
Both of his reliable cheat abilities have judged that ‘it’s impossible to win against that tentacle monster’.
This has never happened before.
Mitran didn’t know what to do.
The “correct” answer is probably ‘run away immediately’.
Because that’s what his cheat abilities are telling him.
That must be “correct”.
But what will happen if he does that?
His head spinning, Mitran looked around.
Leseida, Harishurap, Lady…
If he does that, his comrades will surely die.
His cheat abilities have declared that.
So there’s no doubt about it.
But.
“No…”
Mitran—
“I don’t want that…”
—Groaned, tears streaming down his face, sniffling.
(Do something!)
Mitran cried in his mind.
‘It’s impossible,’ his cheat abilities declared.
(Help everyone!)
Mitran cried in his mind.
‘It’s impossible,’ his cheat abilities declared.
(Useless! Useless, useless, useless!!)
Mitran cursed at them in his mind, using the foulest language he could muster.
His cheat abilities, not being asked for a solution, remained silent.
So.
“UWAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!”
Mitran cried, trembling.
He couldn’t do anything else.
It was then.
Something else appeared in Mitran’s vision, which had been fixated on the hideous tentacle monster.
It’s a slender back.
Leseida’s back.
“Hahaha… It wouldn’t do for a child to always be protected. I guess it’s time for the adult to do her best.”
Leseida, making light of the situation, pulled down the brim of her hat and glared at the tentacle monster.
And then, spreading her arms as if to protect Mitran—
“Run, Mitran-kun.”
She said that in a calm voice.
Perhaps because she made a large movement, it caught its attention.
The tentacle monster casually shot a tentacle at Leseida.
“Ah…”
Mitran’s subjective time slowed down.
“Aaah…”
The monster’s tentacle, which he can never defeat, is extending straight towards Leseida.
“Aaah, aaah…!”
Mitran, trembling at the sight…
“AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!”
…Couldn’t just watch!
Mitran instinctively hugged Leseida and pushed her down!
The monster’s tentacle whizzed past Mitran’s back… and then bent, changing direction!
This time, it’s coming straight for Mitran!
“Hyaa!”
Mitran quickly stood up and deflected the tip of the tentacle with his sword!
The tentacle, with its momentum, pierced deep into the sand and stopped moving.
“Take this!”
Mitran slashed at the tentacle from the side with his sword!
The severed tentacle turned into a black mist and disappeared…!
He performed these actions following the assistance of 【Super Combat Instinct】.
This cheat ability, which still insists that he ‘run away’ from the monster, continues to support his individual combat actions, as before.
If he continues to fight, he will surely lose in the end.
But that doesn’t mean he can’t fight at all!
“URYAAAAAAAA!!!”
Mitran, his face covered in tears and snot, continued to deflect the oncoming tentacles with his sword!
“NO!!!”
He shouted!
“I REFUSE TO ABANDON EVERYONE!!!”
His cheat abilities continued to repeat the same thing.
‘It’s impossible, run away.’
“EVEN IF IT’S IMPOSSIBLE, I REFUSE!!!”
But Mitran stubbornly refused to accept the “correct” advice of his cheat abilities.
No matter how many visions of the tragic end awaiting him his cheat abilities show him, he refuses to run away.
Shedding tears, crying pathetically… he continued to swing his sword, deflect the tentacles, and protect his comrades.
Don’t be emotional.
It’s a foolish act with no chance of victory.
Mitran shouted at his cheat abilities, which continued to convey that message indirectly by showing him visions!
“THIS IS MY LIFE!!!”
Byuun!
Mitran deflected the tentacle extending straight towards him with his sword, swinging it from right to left.
And then, he slashed the tentacle stuck in the sand, this time from left to right.
“EVEN IF MY ABILITIES WERE GIVEN TO ME BY GOD!!!”
Byuun!
This time, he barely dodged the tentacle aiming for his face by moving his head, and slashed it with his sword.
“I CAN’T LET THEM… DICTATE HOW I LIVE!!!”
…Here.
Mitran’s sword, deflecting the tentacles, gradually started to increase its speed.
Although no one has noticed yet—
Mitran’s body… is starting to be enveloped in a faint golden light.