The King’s Live Broadcast Speech
* * *
(Amazing… amazing!)
Takataka’s mind, after being hit by the mysterious light, was as clear as a cloudless blue sky.
If he thought of one idea, it would instantly expand to ten.
Even if one question arose, he would immediately find the answer, and in an instant, develop and apply that answer.
That was the state he was in.
In a word, he was incredibly sharp!
Why was Takataka, a perfectly ordinary boy, able to reach such a state?
Takataka, thinking at super speed, naturally had that question.
But he dismissed the question, deciding that it was pointless to think about it now.
Because.
(I have to save them! I… I have to save everyone in the Sky Kingdom!)
He was acting with that single thought in mind at this moment, and he wouldn’t allow himself to waste his thoughts on unnecessary questions.
“Navigation set, changing course, slow speed… initiating!”
Click, click, click!
Takataka swiftly operated the control device’s knobs and buttons.
And as a result, the Sky Kingdom, which had been stationary, slowly began to move!
Guguuu…
“Kya!?”
Air stumbled slightly, from the resulting vibration.
“…Ah, this might—be bad.”
But Takataka, paying no attention to her, was staring at the instruments, sweating.
“Wh-What do you mean by ‘bad’?”
Takataka, hearing Air’s question, turned to her with a serious expression, and answered.
“It’s impossible to… keep Neverfall afloat. The energy tanks are destroyed. So, I set a course for an emergency landing on the vast farmland of ‘Farm One’, the closest residential plateau. But…”
“But?”
“We’re a little… short on altitude.”
Saying that, Takataka looked up at the monitor in front of him.
It displayed a simulation of Neverfall’s future course, clearly illustrated.
‘Farm One’ is a giant plateau shaped like pudding, but Neverfall, which is currently gradually losing altitude, won’t be able to land on the plateau, and will crash into its wall!
“No way…!”
“But there’s no other suitable landing site! What… what should I do…!”
Takataka held his head in his hands.
Even his incredibly sharp mind is useless against an unsolvable problem!
Rather, the more he examines it, the deeper his despair grows…
Takataka’s vision started to blur with tears.
But it was at that moment!
“Move aside… a little.”
Saying that… someone pushed aside the light Takataka, and stepped forward, in front of the control device.
“Eh!?”
Takataka’s eyes widened in surprise, and he looked up at the person’s profile.
“!?”
And Air also gasped, surprised by the person’s sudden appearance.
With beautiful, long, golden hair flowing down to his waist, his blue cloak billowing…
That person, his handsome face, that resembles Air’s, contorted in pain, stumbled…
“…………”
Ignoring Takataka and Air, who were dumbfounded and intimidated, he swiftly pressed a few buttons on the control device, click, click, click…
“Huu…………”
He exhaled deeply, wiped the traces of blood from his face with both hands, and then…
Click!
He pressed one last button.
Beep!
With a light sound, some of the lamps on the control device lit up!
And then… a camera popped out from the top of the device.
“Can everyone hear me… see me…?”
That person, forcing a smile, spoke in a quiet… but clear voice…
…And introduced himself!
“My name is Sekiran Neverfall… the King of this country!”
* * *
‘My name is Sekiran Neverfall… the King of this country!’
King Sekiran’s image was being broadcast to the entire Sky Kingdom of Neverfall, in real time.
The King’s figure suddenly appeared on the monitors installed throughout the kingdom.
The ordinary citizens, the anti-Prime Minister activists, the palace officials, the soldiers… even the Air Force officers and the crews of the security airships…
Everyone was surprised, and fell silent, listening to the King’s words.
‘As you all know, our country is currently facing an unprecedented crisis. By the wicked power of an ancient evil, our country has lost the ability to fly, and monsters have emerged from the depths of the earth.’
“Hiih!?”
“No way…”
“Is this country… falling!?”
Small screams were heard here and there…!
‘But don’t worry!’
But King Sekiran continued, powerfully, as if to drown out those screams!
‘That cursed evil… has already been defeated by a brave boy… Takataka, and his comrades!’
‘Eh!? Huh!?’
A small boy’s voice could be heard from somewhere near the King.
But it’s an emergency.
No one paid attention to that voice.
‘Our country will now make an emergency landing on the first residential plateau, ‘Farm One’! I need your cooperation! All airship pilots, attach towing chains to the outer walls of the kingdom, and help us maintain our altitude!’
“…Did you hear that!?”
“So, we’re going to… lift this country up with airships!?”
“I’ll immediately calculate the best airship deployment locations!”
“Attention all airships! Attention all airships! This is the Neverfall Sky Kingdom Air Force command center…!”
The officers who heard the broadcast in the Air Force command center, which still has a huge hole in it, immediately took action.
With various machines damaged, they immediately devised an efficient airship deployment plan by hand, and relayed it to the security airships!
‘All knights and soldiers, exterminate the monsters that are rampaging through the city! I believe in you all!’
‘Hello, I’m Neverfall-kun! En…’
“Oraaaaaah! Don’t underestimate us, monstersss!!”
“We’ll show you that the soldiers are not just corrupt trashhhh!!”
In the city, on the other hand, the King’s words ignited the soldiers’ fighting spirit, and the battles intensified.
Even Neverfall-kun, a relic of the super ancient magical civilization, is not invincible.
With the brave efforts of the soldiers… one by one, the Neverfall-kun were shut down!
‘…Let me say it again, this country is falling. That fact can no longer be changed.’
King Sekiran on the screen lowered his voice slightly and looked down.
‘But!!’
But then, he opened his clear blue eyes wide, looked straight ahead!
And King Sekiran declared!
‘As long as the people live, Neverfall is immortal! Survive… together! We, we finally… finally have… freedom!!’
* * *
King Sekiran’s speech ended with those words.
“Guh… Haa…”
He immediately stopped the recording, coughed, and vomited blood.
“A-Are you okay!?”
King Sekiran glared at Takataka, who rushed over…
“Was I… a king…?”
He quietly asked.
“Y-Yes! You are the king!?”
“Kuh… Kukuku…”
King Sekiran, seeing Takataka’s confused and flustered reaction, grinned.
And then, a single word…
“My daughter… I leave her… to you.”
He muttered that, lost consciousness, and collapsed.
“Your Majesty!”
Ijokis hurriedly ran over and caught him.
“F-Father…!”
Air, a moment later, approached King Sekiran, her face pale.
Ijokis swiftly checked his pulse and breathing, and then poured a potion from her pocket into King Sekiran’s mouth.
And then she smiled faintly at Air.
“He’s alright. He just lost consciousness.”
Air breathed a sigh of relief, her strength leaving her, and sat down.
“Ah… the descent… has stopped!”
Takataka’s excited voice reached Air and Ijokis’ ears!
King Sekiran’s speech worked… and the airships, acting quickly, started lifting the Sky Kingdom!
“If this continues—we can make it in time! If we… if we do this—this—and this… Everyone—will be saved…!”
Click, click, click, click!
Takataka continues to operate the control device with incredible speed!
With a ‘Guun’ sound and a vibration, Neverfall accelerated, and started moving towards the planned landing site, the residential plateau!
…But.
Ah, but, however!
BEEEEN!!
BEEEEN!!
BEEEEN!!
The next moment, a deafening alarm echoed through the control room again!
“Eh!?”
“What happened!?”
Takataka and Air, surprised, hurriedly looked up at the monitor, and a large image from a surveillance camera, showing the fountain square in front of the palace, was displayed.
“No… way!?”
Air was speechless, seeing that footage.
Because, what was being shown there…
…Was hundreds of new Neverfall-kun, emerging one after another, from the hole that opened up in the ground!
Moreover, looking closely, the expressions on those Neverfall-kun… are clearly different from the ones that were rampaging through the city earlier.
Their eyes are wide, their teeth are gritted… filled with anger!
Air and the others had no way of knowing, but these are ‘Riot Suppression Neverfall-kun’.
Combat units that appear when a certain number of normal Neverfall-kun are defeated!
“‘““““We’ll suppress you! We’ll suppress you! We’ll suppress you!”””””’
The Riot Suppression Neverfall-kun, shouting threateningly, marched towards the city, their footsteps echoing, ZUSHIN-ZUSHIN…!
“Wh-What should we do!?”
Air, stunned by the sudden turn of events, froze in front of the monitor…!
Even normal Neverfall-kun can barely be defeated by a group of several people, so with this additional force… they won’t be able to protect the lives of the people until they land on the residential plateau!
But it was the moment right after Air’s expression turned into despair!
ZAN!!!
With a tremendous roar… a ‘light slash’ suddenly came flying in, cutting dozens of Riot Suppression Neverfall-kuns in the front row clean in half!
BON!!
BOBON!!
BOOOON!!
The Neverfall-kuns, cut in half, exploded, shattering into pieces.
And on the monitor, the backs of three people, their cloaks billowing in the blast, are displayed!
“Th-Those people are…!”
They’re a bit… broken… but Air recognized those three, in their brilliant armor…!
No, everyone in the Sky Kingdom of Neverfall should know them!
These three are!
These three who stand against those ancient monsters who threaten the innocent people!
They are the strongest knights in this country!
Heroes among heroes!
Their name is…!
…The Three Knights of the Royal Guard!!