The Princess’s Illusion
* * *
The ‘princess’ who suddenly appeared in the dusty mountains… like a ghost.
And the mysterious fort.
…That fort is a stone fort, built on the edge of a cliff.
It’s about three stories high.
It’s quite big.
But that fort, although it retains its shape, is completely ruined at first glance.
Or rather, even with my fantasy hearing… I can’t sense any sound of human life from there.
I can’t even see any smoke from cooking.
There’s no sign of human activity.
And yet… there’s a sense that something is moving around.
Simply put… it’s creepy.
<Ah, that’s… ‘Fort Desdadon’!>
And here—
Extra-sama, who has watched countless isekai reincarnation broadcasts, and is known for having a lot of behind-the-scenes information, as if she were a god… gulped, and then shouted.
<That means… that princess who appeared and disappeared… is Princess Kawayuikko Me Hi Yoiyattsu!>
And more additional information.
It seems that Extra-sama… knows about that fort and the princess.
Or rather, Extra-sama…
You said there was a certain episode that’s why this mountain is called ‘The Cursed Mountain’, right?
Does that have something to do with the fort and the princess?
<Yes, exactly… Now then, shall I start with the ‘superficial information’?>
Extra-sama, in response to my question… began her explanation, her voice slightly excited.
<This Mount Desdadon… was once an important transportation hub, with enough traffic to build a fort. But now, with the development of new roads, and changes in national borders… it has become a mountain that no one approaches.>
Yeah.
It’s easy to walk on because there are no trees or grass, but there aren’t even any mountain trails.
And there are no animals, so no one would want to climb a mountain like this.
<But… well, there are exceptions. Survey teams for magic ore resources, historians… very rarely, people climb this mountain and approach that fort.>
And then, the princess appears.
<Yes… as Emi said earlier, like a ghost… Oh, look…>
Extra-sama stopped talking, and urged me to look.
I looked ahead, and there she is—the princess.
Unlike before, she’s standing some distance away from me, staring at me.
She’s closer to the fort than before.
In other words, that princess is inviting me—
To Fort Desdadon.
The princess’s expression is… blank.
Her beautifully sculpted face is frozen, like a doll.
Yeah, she’s just like me.
<The princess invites the humans who come to the mountain to that fort. Pleading, ‘Help me’.>
…………
<And if they accept that invitation, and enter the fort—>
…………
<—They never come out again.>
…………
<That’s why Mount Desdadon is feared… as ‘The Cursed Mountain’.>
…………I see.
『Help me.』
The princess called out to me again, as I stood there, listening to Extra-sama’s explanation.
『Please… help me.』
Her beautiful voice is filled with sadness.
Her ephemeral beauty, and this sorrowful voice—
There’s probably no one who wouldn’t feel sorry for her.
“…………”
I stared back at the princess, who was staring at me.
The wind blows.
Dust whirls.
I… took a deep breath… and shouted!
“I refuse!!!”
…!
And then, I immediately turned on my heel, and started walking back down the mountainside!
<Eh, eeeeh!? Emi, you’re going back!? You’re just going to ignore her!?>
Well, of course, Extra-sama!?
That princess… I feel kind of sorry for her, but… why should I go to a fort that’s said to be inescapable once you enter!?
There’s no need to approach anything suspicious, right!?
<But we finally came to a famous place…>
Don’t treat the ‘Cursed Mountain’ like a tourist attraction!
Extra-sama, her inner fangirl showing, seems a little disappointed, but she doesn’t try to stop me.
It’s important not to approach anything dangerous, she knows that very well.
Although she seems… incredibly disappointed.
『Wait.』
But the one who’s probably troubled by this… is the princess!
『Wait, help me.』
She appeared, blocking my path, pleading with me in a pitiful voice!
“No!”
I flatly refused!
I rejected her with a firm attitude!
I reached out and tried to push the princess away!
“…!”
And then—my hand went right through her.
I can’t touch this princess.
“Is it an illusion?”
Is it a special ability?
Or is she really a ghost?
<It’s a special ability. In this world, with a few exceptions… there are almost no undead… Well, you could say that this princess is, in a way, a similar existence…>
Ah, ah, it’s fine, Extra-sama.
You don’t have to explain it in detail.
I’m not interested.
I went straight through the princess’s illusion.
『Wait.』
And then the phantom princess appeared before me again!
I ignored her and continued on!
『Wait.』
Another illusion appeared, and I ignored it!
『Wait.』
Ignored!
『Wait.』
『Wait.』
『Wait.』
Ignored, ignored, ignored!
Hey, what’s with this princess!?
Isn’t she too persistent!?
<She appears every time you take a step…>
『Wait.』
『Wait.』
『Wait.』
『Wait.』
『Hey, I said wait.』
Ah, her speech is getting broken.
『I said wait.』
『Are you scared?』
『Ah, so you’re scared.』
『Scaredy-cat.』
『Scaredy-cat.』
『Ah, I see, so—』
『You’re a scaredy-cat, huh? How disappointing.』
『Weakling.』
『Weakling.』
『Weakling.』
『Weakling.』
『A weakling—even lower than a worm.』
A-Ah, ah, aaaaahーーー!?
What’s with her!?
She’s suddenly started provoking me!?
This is infuriatingーーー!!!
<It’s quite something to be endlessly taunted by someone with a blank expression…>
“AAAAAHーーー!!!”
Unable to hold back my irritation, I shouted, releasing a jet-black haze from my entire body!
And then I slowly turned around… glaring at the fort!
And then, in the corner of my vision, the princess’s illusion appeared again.
Her gaze… is looking at me, and yet… not looking at me.
She’s looking slightly to the side.
I’m starting to understand.
This illusion is set to automatically appear when certain conditions are met.
It’s like a recorded video.
That kind of special ability is being used.
『Help me.』
So the new princess who appeared when I turned around is completely in ‘help me’ mode, despite having just been relentlessly provoking me.
She pleads with me in a pitiful voice.
“Fine… I’ll go… I’ll go to the fort…”
I… not even trying to hide my irritation, rampaging inside…!
“I’m going to kick your ass… Get ready!!”
After that declaration of war, I started walking towards the fort, leaking a jet-black haze!
『Help me.』
The princess’s illusion, appearing in front of me as I walked, continued to repeat the same words, with a blank expression.
…It’s probably a pre-set phrase… so it’s not a plea for her life, directed at me.
Probably.