The Place I Was Brought to Without Knowing Turned Out to Be an Extremely Dangerous Zone
* * *
<F-Fufu, Sealed Island Vera Kenu!? And a calamity, you say!?>
Extra-sama latched onto the keywords Lairine muttered!
She seems strangely excited, do you know something, Extra-sama!?
<Ahem! E-Excuse me! Yes, yes, I know it very well! Sealed Island Vera Kenu! It’s a place name that has appeared numerous times in isekai reincarnation broadcasts!>
I-Is that so!?
In other words, this island is a place that has been the stage for the adventures of many protagonists?
<No, that’s not it!>
Huh?
<Sealed Island Vera Kenu! Originally, this is the setting of a certain myth! It’s the place where a hero once sealed a monster that invaded from outside the world!>
I see.
<And somehow, the name has a cool ring to it!>
Huh?
<For the above reasons, the place name Sealed Island Vera Kenu is often used as a flavor element to add depth to the world!>
What!?
<In other words, for example, to a young boy protagonist who dreams of ‘becoming an adventurer in the future and traveling the world’! A guardian figure or a mentor figure would say something like this! ‘The bottom of the Great Fog Sea of Eserem, the center of the Storm Wasteland of Sazarintford, and Sealed Island Vera Kenu… There are many unexplored regions in this world that are sung of in legends!’ Something like that! To stir up the expectations for adventure in the protagonist and the viewers!>
Unexplored…?
There’s a woman who built a mansion there like it’s nothing, though…?
<To the general public, it is considered an unexplored region. I see, so this is Sealed Island Vera Kenu…!>
…Extra-sama is an isekai reincarnation broadcast maniac.
That’s why, like this, she sometimes suddenly shows an otaku-like reaction as if visiting a sacred place.
But Extra-sama, I’m sorry for your deep emotions, but the explanation isn’t over yet.
What is a calamity?
<Sealed Island Vera Kenu is a famous island that ranks high on the ‘Place Names That Are Mentioned Suggestively But Never Actually Appear in the Story’ list among isekai reincarnation broadcast maniacs! The first time its name was mentioned was in the isekai reincarnation broadcast of the now-defunct Machine God, and at that time…>
…Extra-sama.
Hey, hey.
Extra-sama?
…It’s no use, she’s not listening to me anymore!
“…What is a calamity?”
Giving up on Extra-sama who has degenerated into a mere otaku, I sigh and reluctantly ask Lairine.
Lairine begins explaining with a smile, looking happy.
“Calamities refer to powerful beings who do not serve the gods! For various reasons, they are sealed in different parts of the world!”
Not serving the gods…?
In other words, that means…
“They’re dangerous folks?”
“That’s right, dangerous folks!”
So they’re dangerous folks…
<Ah, I’ll add something. The black dragon we encountered in the demon realm before is the top-class calamity in terms of strength.>
They’re dangerous folks!!
Calamities are on that level of existence!?
Wait, that talkative black lizard is a calamity!?
“Your mother, you see, has been ‘requested’ to manage one of those calamities… ‘Odokato Se Kenu’! That’s why I built a house on this remote island and live here! How is it? Impressive, right?”
Lairine says that and boasts while puffing out her chest, but wait, wait, wait?
“It’s sealed. But why manage? Why is management necessary?”
Feeling a bad premonition, I ask timidly.
Then Lairine nonchalantly reveals an unbelievable fact.
“This seal is about to come undone soon.”
What!?
“No matter how legendary the barrier from the mythical era is, it can’t withstand the deterioration over time… You see, this barrier is transparent, right? So seabirds often collide with it. Bird strikes, you know.”
Bird strikes…!?
“The impact of bird strikes that have accumulated over eons has worn down the barrier from the mythical era and is about to create a hole in the seal! The power of time is amazing, isn’t it?”
<It’s like the story of a water droplet making a hole in a rock. Amazing, isn’t it?>
No, Extra-sama, I’m glad you’ve rejoined the conversation, but should you be saying ‘Amazing, isn’t it?’…
“Is it okay to be so carefree about that?”
“I wonder? Recently, Kenu-chan has been trying to escape and occasionally pokes its head out to the surface, you know?”
What!?
“Don’t bring me to such a dangerous place!!”
It was a danger zone!
Contrary to its peaceful surface, this island was an extremely dangerous zone with a time bomb planted underground!!
My head boils with anger at the fact that I was brought to such a place without my knowledge, and I unleash a serious right fist aimed at the left cheek of Lairine who is laughing carefreely!!
But it’s easily intercepted!
Damn it!!
“Ah, wait, wait, Emi-chan, you can’t do that, if you rampage near this barrier…”
Lairine continues to parry my consecutive attacks, but there’s a hint of impatience in her expression.
What does that mean?
Could it be that if I keep this up, I can overpower her!?
Right fist, then left fist!
I kick and smash the rock at my feet, unleashing countless pebbles at Lairine who jumped back to create distance!
“That’s why I’m telling you to wait, Emi-chan! If you rampage in a place like this, the impact will be transmitted to the barrier! Then, the seal will weaken! Kenu-chan will come out!”
Lairine shouted that in a hurry while avoiding the pebbles, and at that moment!
Some of the flying pebbles collided with the barrier and shattered, and then…!
Crack.
Yes, an ominous sound echoed.
<<<Ooh… Oaah… Oaah… Ah… Ah…>>>
Furthermore, such a grim groaning voice resounded through the surroundings, and the entire island began to tremble slightly.
…The clear blue sky had somehow turned completely red before I knew it!