Destruction
* * *
Towering before me standing on the snowy plain was a manor with an outwardly “strange” appearance that could only be described as such.
First, the roof was bright red. Bright crimson red. Additionally, the window frames and other key areas were also painted red.
The walls were coated a bright yellow, with red polka dot patterns drawn here and there.
With only pure white snow piled up around it, its outward appearance stood out bizarrely.
“My apologies, Emi. And my gratitude…for leaving the cleanup to an outsider like you.”
Nare, standing beside me, said that while placing a hand on her chest and bowing her head slightly.
“…It’s fine. I want to get out too. So I’ll do it. That’s all.”
I rotated my neck, rolled my shoulders, clenched and opened my fists repeatedly…
<Are you prepared?>
Yeah, Extra-sama.
I’m all set.
I concentrated magic power into my clenched right fist.
Slowly, carefully, I condensed my magic power.
A fist stronger than anything.
A fist to shatter and crush everything.
Wishing for that, I refined my magic power.
My total magic power now…compared to when I fought that Chatty Black Lizard, I think it has multiplied several times over.
I carefully, carefully poured that immense magic power into my fist.
Mishi…Gishigishi…Gishi…
Space seemed to creak, indistinct sounds arising.
“……..Ready.”
After continuing that process for several minutes, the strongest right fist I could currently create, imbued with unprecedented destructive force, was complete.
“You…are truly something else, aren’t you? Hahaha, that fist is emitting some kind of pitch-black smoke, but you’ll be okay?”
At this level of concentrated density, even a human without 【Magic Perception】 like Nare seemed able to perceive the leaking magic power from my fist.
“No problem.”
I said that, then took a stance facing the manor with that fist.
Well, I may have prepared somewhat grandiosely, but what I intended to unleash was simply a magically enhanced destructive punch – in other words, the 【Magic Strike】 I had used many times before.
I planned to unleash it full force at the manor.
According to Nare, through repeatedly looping for so long, she had become able to vaguely sense the “power” used for the loops.
That “power” is what Extra-sama called the “source god’s power behind the loops,” right?
Well then.
Apparently, the “power” required for looping increases the more there is to restore.
In other words, the more damaged the manor is, the greater the “power” needed for the loop increases.
And by Nare’s assessment, the current remaining “power” was insufficient to restore the manor and loop again.
There wasn’t enough “power” left for that.
In other words, if the manor was utterly destroyed, the loop would no longer occur.
That seemed to be the case.
<Or rather, if the god’s power had waned that much, this small looping world itself may not withstand your full strike.>
You mean…?
<If you strike with all your might, this world will be blown away and the loop phenomenon will end. We can safely return to the outside world. Problem solved.>
It may have been quite a roundabout approach, but once the solution is clear, it’s actually quite simple, isn’t it?
<…In the end, it became a “punch to resolve it” situation, didn’t it…>
Hm? Did you say something, Extra-sama?
<No, no, nothing at all…>
“….Well then, will you do it? Emi?”
Nare urged me from the side.
“………”
Sure.
It’s fine.
If I can get out, that’s fine with me.
I’ll do it, anything.
If it’s fine for me and Extra-sama, that’s enough.
But you know, Extra-sama.
If I destroy this small world…
……What will happen to Nare afterward?
<…Nare, and the rest of the manor’s residents, are…merely conscious phantoms forcibly having their existence maintained by the meager remnants of the god’s power within this small world. If this small world is destroyed…>
……They’ll disappear?
<Yes. They will vanish.>
“………”
I inadvertently turned to face Nare, gazing at her expression.
“Hm? What’s wrong?”
Nare still smiled as usual.
An audacious, cynical, parched, exhausted, yet somehow serene smile.
“………”
“Ah…Could it be you’re worried about me?”
I nodded silently.
“If the loop is destroyed, Nare will disappear.”
“I imagine that’s probably what will happen. I can vaguely sense it.”
“….Are you okay with that?”
“I’m fine with it.”
Laughing “Hahaha,” Nare faced straight ahead.
“It’s the inevitable conclusion we would reach sooner or later. Even if left alone, this place…won’t last more than a few years. So I’d actually prefer you do it sooner rather than later.”
“…..I see.”
“That’s right.”
“………”
“….Truly, thank you, Emi.”
“………”
I turned back toward the manor, took my stance, and focused.
Closing my eyes.
I will destroy.
I will destroy.
I will destroy this manor.
I will destroy the loop.
I will destroy everything that has been repeating here.
I will destroy everything repeated here.
Destroy.
Destroy!!!
Just as I steeled my resolve, opened my eyes, and raised my fist toward the manor…That was when it happened!!
<<<Stop it!!!>>>
That shouting voice resounded!!