【Beautiful Girl Detective Akashiterika!】The Old Imperial City Frozend Museum Murder Case 3
* * *
“Alright! That’s one case closed! Another brilliant job, Akashiterika-chan! Ahh, I’m hungry!”
After Emi punched Jimmyyak… and confirmed that the true culprit was down for the count…
Detective Munodes, taking out some dried squid from his pocket and munching on it, said that jokingly.
“…You still have work to do. Jimmyyak-san’s motive is unclear. Although interrogating him is the police’s job, anyway, first…”
Akashiterika, looking at Detective Munodes exasperatedly, sighed, and then—
“I’m sorry it’s late, but… let’s offer a prayer for Gaisha-san.”
Saying that, she offered a silent prayer for Deputy Director Gaisha.
Director Rakigataa also closed his eyes silently.
A single tear rolled down his cheek.
Yarkinek sighed quietly, offering a prayer.
The police officers who were around also offered silent prayers in unison.
Detective Munodes, looking around, quickly assumed a similar posture.
Emi, after also looking around, imitated the prayer gesture.
The corridor in front of the women’s changing room was enveloped in a solemn silence.
However.
In that space of prayer—
“…COME BACK! ‘MURDER DISC’!!”
That scream echoed!
And then, without missing a beat!
CHIIIIIIIIIIIIIN!
The rainbow-colored disc, embedded in the wall, started spinning at high speed, emitting a high-pitched sound… and after floating into the air, it started gliding down the corridor!
Standing at its destination is… Jimmyyak, who somehow managed to peel himself off the wall, and stand up again!
“Heh… Kekeke! You were careless! I… we… won’t be defeated! Not until the ideal empire… is restored!!”
Jimmyyak, throwing away the empty healing magic potion bottle, roughly wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth with his fist, and laughed hysterically!
‘Murder Disc’, floating around him, is circling as if to protect him!
“I went a little too easy on him…”
Emi muttered, expressionlessly, but with a hint of frustration in her voice.
“‘We’… and ‘ideal empire’… you say… Don’t tell me you’re a Restorationist, then?”
“That’s right! My true name is Jimmyyak Tomoikiya! I am Marquis Tomoikiya, the blade of justice, who will cut down the evil establishment!!”
Akashiterika, glaring at the outlaw who disturbed their prayer for the dead, quickly saw through his true identity.
Jimmyyak, on the other hand, shamelessly declared his name.
“Tomoikiya… huh… A descendant of an oppressive lord, calling yourself a blade of justice after killing someone…!”
Director Rakigataa, suppressing his intense anger, cursed Jimmyyak in a low, clear voice.
His already muscular body, perhaps in response to his anger, bulked up even further, and the buttons on his shirt popped off with a snapping sound!
“Shut up, you dog of the establishment! I will return the throne to its rightful owners! What else would you call that, if not justice!!”
“You…! You just want to regain your privileges as nobles, and live a life of luxury!!”
“Shut up, you dog of the establishment! What’s wrong with enjoying the benefits I deserve as a marquis!? Why should I, who should be a marquis, have to work as an adventurer and a security guard!? This world… is wrong!!”
“The one who’s wrong is you, descendant of an incompetent lord!!”
“Shut up, you dog of the establishment!!”
Director Rakigataa and Jimmyyak’s exchange showed no signs of stopping, and there was no sign of a discussion!
Seeing that, Akashiterika smiled sarcastically, and then—
“…Even the members of the former imperial family, the Superbads, are very troubled by you Restorationists.”
She muttered that.
“Shut up, Beautiful Girl Detective! That’s just a lie, created by the establishment to legitimize their rule! Fabricated words!!”
Hearing that, Jimmyyak immediately became enraged, and glared at Akashiterika!
“Even if you’re the Beautiful Girl Detective, you’re just a little girl! Your eyes are clouded, and you can’t see the truth!!”
“…But I saw through your crime?”
“…………”
Jimmyyak, instantly refuted, fell silent.
But then, he immediately started laughing lewdly, as if mocking Akashiterika.
“Kekeke… No, you didn’t see through it. Not everything.”
And extending his index finger upwards, he retrieved the rainbow-colored disc that was circling around him, inserting his finger into the hole in the center.
“It seems that you assumed this Murder Disc is a magic weapon… but strictly speaking, it’s not.”
“What?”
“The correct answer is ‘It can also be used as a magic weapon’! Relics of the Super-Ancient Magic Civilization are tough! Kekekekeke!”
…Laughing creepily, Jimmyyak suddenly turned his back to Akashiterika and the others, and started running down the corridor!
“Let’s go after him!”
Akashiterika, making that immediate judgment, also started running after Jimmyyak.
“…………”
Emi also started running, a few steps ahead of Akashiterika.
She’s positioning herself to protect Akashiterika, in case of a surprise attack from the rainbow-colored Murder Disc.
(It would be easier to just kill him.)
To be honest, Emi, having lived a violent life, couldn’t help but think that.
Although Jimmyyak is a skilled warrior, Emi could probably tear him to pieces in an instant if she wanted to.
But Akashiterika is a detective.
Detectives don’t kill.
It’s also not allowed to excessively injure the opponent.
It’s very difficult for Emi to control herself, and that’s precisely why she’s been forced to be on the defensive in this battle.