Assessment. 09:37
* * *
“What do you mean by ‘concerns’?”
The white-rimmed glasses man, in a completely different manner from when he was conducting the interview earlier, leaned back on the chair and turned his palm towards the man with his face hidden by the robe’s hood, prompting him to continue.
“It’s about that brat’s magic sword ‘Soul Devourer’ that he mentioned. The ‘Soul Devourer’ is a sealed magic sword that even appears in fairy tales… There’s no way a brat like that could possess such a thing.”
The robed man sighed in exasperation and crossed his arms.
“According to the application materials, it was sealed in the storehouse of his family home.”
The giant woman supplemented while flipping through the resume.
It clearly stated there, ‘On my 18th birthday, I encountered the ‘Soul Devourer’ in the storehouse of my family home. Following its guidance, I killed all the villagers.’ It seemed to be a story from about 2 years ago.
“Hah! A fairy tale magic sword sealed in the storehouse of his family home? What is your family home, some ancient ruins!? And no matter how you look at it, that sword is a shoddy mass-produced item!”
The one who said that in a mocking manner was the middle-aged man with an unkempt beard and a large scar on his forehead.
However, that man twisted his mouth into a grin and asked the white-rimmed glasses man.
“But, Ambitious… You took a liking to that brat. Isn’t that right?”
The white-rimmed glasses man… Ambitious quietly nodded in response to that question while smiling meaningfully.
“That’s right, Short Warp. I’m thinking of welcoming him as a member of this reborn ‘Purple Dual Rings.'”
And he strongly declared that to the man with the scar on his forehead, Short Warp.
The giant woman gazed at Ambitious’s confident profile with flushed cheeks.
Smooth Stan sighed again.
“If the representative has decided so, I have no objections… but it is unexpected. That one is a madman who mistakes a sword lying around as a fairy tale magic sword and kills people, no? Does it not remind you of the predecessors?”
“I’ll show you that I can skillfully use any piece, Smooth Stan.”
Ambitious grinned defiantly at the question from the robed man, Smooth Stan.
“People are treasures. Lives have value. That’s why if you kill, it becomes money. But that doesn’t just apply to the targets, it also applies to comrades. Those who share the same ambition must be cherished. And Smooth Stan, you shouldn’t speak too ill of the predecessors.”
Ambitious leaned forward, spread his hands in front of his chest, and began to speak his mind.
Beside him, the giant woman, with flushed cheeks, eagerly started taking notes so as not to miss a single word of Ambitious’s speech.
“Certainly, the former leader Dahachie and the executives were strong, but they were all crazy. They said incomprehensible things about gods and didn’t actively expand the organization, and they left most of the accepting of requests and handling of money to me. But thanks to that, I was able to thoroughly learn the ins and outs of running an organization. It’s because they were incompetent that I am who I am today. In that sense, fufu, I have to thank them.”
…Let me give an explanation here.
In the past, the ‘Purple Dual Rings’ was a small-scale cult religious group where assassins who worshipped the Death God Alogoros gathered.
Although they committed murders for their faith every day, centered around their leader Dahachie, their organization had not only the aspect of a religious group but also the aspect of a mutual aid society for assassins who were not picked up by existing organizations.
Therefore, there were a certain number of assassins who belonged to the ‘Purple Dual Rings’ on the surface to maintain their faith, but in reality, for their own protection.
Those were Ambitious, Short Warp, Smooth Stan, and the others.
The former leader of the organization, Dahachie, appointed those with deep faith as executives.
Although Ambitious and the others had been practically managing the ‘Purple Dual Rings’ as an assassin organization since then, within the organization, they were only seen as a faction eating cold rice.
However, this situation changed a few years ago.
Dahachie, who claimed to have received some kind of divine oracle, took the main executives at the time somewhere on an expedition and went missing.
Ambitious, who was originally ambitious and always on the lookout for opportunities, naturally didn’t miss this chance.
He quickly purged most of the remaining fanatical executives who were fighting over Dahachie’s successor, and Ambitious and the others took over the ‘Purple Dual Rings’ as is.
After that, while utilizing only the name value of the ‘Purple Dual Rings’ that had been cultivated up to that point, they continued to operate the organization while eliminating the religious aspects as much as possible.
Thanks to that, the ‘Purple Dual Rings’ has now transformed from an incomprehensible cult group as it used to be into an assassin organization that resounds its name throughout the Golden Continent Hamejika.
“…Dahachie didn’t value people at all. If something bothered him, he would immediately purge them, even if they were executives. Watching that, I always thought, ‘Ah, what a waste~.’ …I’ll say it again, people are treasures. Lives have value. Comrades who share the same ambition must be carefully nurtured. Dahachie is a negative example.”
As Ambitious spoke, reminiscing about the past with his arms crossed and a distant look in his eyes, Short Warp snorted.
“Will that brat grow?”
“He’s a man who has slashed 40 people with what you call a shoddy sword. He must have some kind of talent.”
“Hmm.”
Ambitious continued with a smile.
Short Warp also agreed that it might certainly be the case and refrained from further comments.
That young man’s body movements, footwork, musculature, magic power control.
Based on what was confirmed in the practical exam before the interview, it seemed like he was still lacking in many aspects, but there was still something shining about him.
It might be good to teach him the “Grim Reaper Style” training that Short Warp had once learned through imitation.
“What if he doesn’t amount to anything?”
“I’ll say it again, Smooth Stan. People are treasures. Just by living, they have value.”
On the other hand, in response to Smooth Stan, who was still persistent, Ambitious smiled and said that, then added this as well.
“In other words, whether it’s as a decoy, a suicide bomber, or a sandbag, there’s a use that matches that value, right?”
【Dahachie】
The former leader of the ‘Purple Dual Rings.’
A man who skillfully used the abnormal ability【Invisible Slash】and even cornered Emi’s master.
Appeared in Arc 3.
【Grim Reaper Style】
Short Warp is just conveniently calling it that, and no such style actually exists.