The Beginning of a Hero’s Tale and the Blunt Extra
* * *
The village chief’s son, Torch-kun, was a reincarnated person.
But, Extra-sama.
I’ve seen him around before, and he always seemed like a normal 5-year-old, right?
He never showed any signs of remembering a previous life like I do?
<That’s probably because the Holy Goddess set it up that way. At a certain age, they remember their previous life, become aware of their divine blessing, and the mission imposed on them by the god. It’s a common pattern in the Holy Goddess’s isekai broadcasts!>
So, gods can manipulate the memories of the reincarnated, huh?
Why would they do that?
<…There may be various reasons, but the main reason might be because the Holy Goddess thought it would be “more interesting” that way. In short, it’s for the convenience of the Holy Goddess’s script.>
How blunt!?
…Thinking that Torch-kun, who possesses the power of such a destructive blessing, is just a toy of the Holy Goddess makes me feel a strange sense of pity for him.
Well, how the gods treat a former classmate of mine doesn’t really matter to me.
But what was Torch-kun’s name in his previous life?
I remember he was the first boy to be auctioned off by the Holy Goddess at the auction…
It’s been 5 years since the reincarnation, and I’m starting to forget.
<…Emi, you seem very detached when it comes to acquaintances from your previous life, don’t you?>
Hmm? …Yeah, well, I guess so.
They didn’t like me.
And I didn’t like them either.
<What happened?>
…It’s not an interesting story, nor do I want to remember it.
<…I’m sorry for asking such a strange question.>
Aw, don’t apologize, Extra-sama! I’m not bothered by it at all!
…Hm?
* * *
While I and Extra-sama were enjoying our internal conversation, our attention shifts back to Torch-kun, or rather, to the bushes on the opposite side of Torch-kun.
<Emi…>
Yeah, Extra-sama.
What’s that over there?
There’s something there.
* * *
Rustle!
“Who’s there!!?”
The bushes shake violently, and even Torch-kun notices the presence and turns around.
Standing there was…
“Ah, haha…”
“Ah… Caro!? Why are you here!?”
Standing there was a girl in a white dress, with her light blue hair braided into two plaits on either side, Caro-chan.
<Emi, she’s also a child from Fenoben Village, right?>
Yes, Extra-sama.
I think she was picked up by the village chief and raised almost like siblings with Torch-kun.
She should be about 5 years old too.
But…
“Ah, it’s dangerous, Caro! Didn’t the adults tell you not to go outside the village alone!? Are you okay? No injuries? Weren’t you scared!?”
“Woah! I’m okay, I’m okay, Torch-nii!”
After suddenly hugging Caro-chan, Torch-kun frantically checks her for injuries, touching her all over in a panic.
Caro-chan is flustered but doesn’t seem to mind too much.
<…Those two are unusually close for 5-year-olds, aren’t they? There’s no impropriety because of their age, but still.>
Right? …
Torch-kun and Caro-chan always seem to have an excessive brother-sister complex.
They’re always together, creating their own little world wherever they go.
Even after Torch-kun’s memories of his previous life resurfaced, it seems his behavior towards her hasn’t changed.
<He has truly become “Torch Fenoben.” A firmly established personality won’t waver, even if memories of a previous life return.>
I see.
So, the reason for reviving memories of a previous life years after reincarnation might also be to solidify the personality in this life.
“Why did you come to the forest alone, Caro…”
“Because, because! I saw Torch-nii leaving the village secretly! I, I got worried…”
“I see, sorry Caro…”
While I hide in the bushes and ponder about isekai, they continue to deepen their own sweet world.
The atmosphere is sweet. Sickeningly sweet, as if the background is pink with sparkles flying around (a hard-to-understand manga expression). Despite being just 5-year-olds.
“…But, wait! Torch-nii, what happened to this scorched earth!? Did Torch-nii do this? Torch-nii, could you always use such amazing magic!?”
“Ah, haha. Actually, when I woke up this morning, I realized that I had been endowed with 【Divine Blessing】! I was just trying out its power.”
“Eh…Eeeeeehhhhh!? 【Divine Blessing】!? Isn’t that the blessing that heroes in fairy tales have! Torch-nii is amazing! Torch-nii was a hero!?”
Torch-kun openly shared about his blessing with Caro-chan.
Caro-chan was thrilled.
She grabbed Torch-kun’s hands and started jumping up and down.
But, a hero…?
<Yes. Those who are granted the blessing of Holy Goddess Laintorlie become heroes, bearing the mission to defeat the Demon Lord threatening the people. If Torch-kun has been given the divine blessing as a reincarnated person, then he is undoubtedly the hero of this era.>
Really!?
<Really. That’s the basic setup of the “Hero vs. Demon Lord” series broadcasted by the Holy Goddess.>
So, Extra-sama, could you not put it so bluntly!?
“Hey, Torch-nii! Let’s hurry back to the village! We have to tell everyone about this!”
“Wait, Caro! If we do that, it’ll cause a huge commotion! I was thinking of keeping this a secret until I can control this power and the day comes for me to set out on a journey to save the world!”
“Eh~, is that so…? But, okay, if Torch-nii says so, I’ll keep it a secret too.”
“Thanks, Caro! …Now, I’m hungry, right? Let’s go back to the village and eat breakfast!”
“Ah! Wait for me, Torch-nii~~!”
Saying that, Torch-kun ran off towards the village.
Caro-chan hurriedly chased after him.
But, after making such a loud noise, can he really keep it a secret?
I think the villagers must have woken up from that sound, and if they find out Torch-kun and the others were not in the village at that time, wouldn’t they suspect something?
<But, until yesterday, Torch-kun was just a normal village child. They wouldn’t think he could use such powerful magic…to create this scorched earth… Maybe he could keep it hidden after all, even if he gets scolded for sneaking out of the village.>
Is that so?
…Huh?
Caro-chan stopped in her tracks? What’s going on?
Slowly turning back to look at the scorched earth, Caro-chan.
The innocent smile she had before was nowhere to be found.
Then she whispered in an icy cold voice, which my enhanced hearing caught. Caught all too well.
“…………【Divine Blessing】… Hmph, so trivial. Even if he’s called a hero, in the end, he’s nothing but a weak human.”
With that, she put back on her mask of an innocent smile.
And ran off towards the village.
Eh…………Eeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!?
Darkneeeeeeeesssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!?
Caro-chan, are you harboring some kind of darkness!!?
<Th…This is! As an aficionado of isekai broadcasts, I can see where this is going! Caro-chan is… Caro-chan’s true identity is likely a demon! Sent by the Demon Lord to spy on the hero!>
What!!??
<The beloved sister! No, a girl raised together as something more than that! That girl! Was actually!!
An enemy! A demon to be defeated!>
What, the, heeeeeeeeeeeckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!!??
<When the truth is revealed! When Caro-chan, who was supposed to be protected, bares her fangs at Torch-kun! What will the hero think, and how will he act!? This is undoubtedly one of the most critical factors in this “Hero vs. Demon Lord” series!!>
Stop it! Extra-sama! Those blunt, viewer’s perspective comments, stop themmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!
<And, Emi!!>
What is it, Extra-sama!?
<There’s only one course of action for us, who have inadvertently learned their secret!!>
And that is!!??
<…It’s dangerous to get involved, so let’s keep our distance from them, shall we?>
Ah, yes. That sounds about right.