Crush the Mechanical and Grotesque Puppets! 11
* * *
(Aah… this feels wonderful…! )
La Sbos Daychib, the Duke, enveloped in green goo produced by the green jewel Last Dream stuck to his forehead, was intoxicated with a sense of omnipotence.
(I can do anything I want now!)
Here, a surviving Mechanical Soldier in the garden caught the Duke’s eye. He moved the body of the Demon Queen Actorley IV, who emerged from the dragon’s left shoulder, and mimicked a magic chant.
He’ll unleash lightning magic.
The terrifying thunder spears that Actorley IV, on a whim, rained down on the town where the protagonist’s friend was waiting, massacring the people…
“Jagafachieryashishiiiki, Fahihihiyarainentoya, 【Ajiranrereji】.”
A few seconds after the Demon Queen-like body finished chanting… lightning suddenly struck the Mechanical Soldier.
ZUGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN!!
The Mechanical Soldier, unable to even let out an electronic death throe, instantly turned into charred remains!
“【Ajiranrereji】, 【Ajiranrereji】, 【Ajiranrereji】…”
The Demon Queen, gleefully continuing to chant, pointed her slender, long finger at the surviving Mechanical Soldiers one after another.
And a few seconds later, similar lightning bolts rained down on them, destroying them one by one.
“IGYARARARARA!!”
The Demon Queen… or rather, the Duke manipulating her, found the scene so amusing that he clapped his hands and laughed out loud.
(Hahahahaha, haha… haa, I laughed! Now, what… what should I do next?)
The Duke, after laughing for a while, suddenly thought about that.
He blew that terrifying black-haired, black-eyed girl away somewhere.
She took a direct hit from the Great Hero’s large sword.
She’s probably not alive anymore.
So the immediate threat was as good as gone, and the Duke… didn’t know what to do.
He looked around with his six eyes, but Chubos wasn’t there, and neither was Orbos.
Now that he has this power, what should he do?
There’s no one to tell him.
But Last Dream continued to supply him with power.
It urges him, ‘Wish, wish, wield your power’.
(Well, for now…)
So the Duke, without thinking too deeply.
(I guess I’ll just rampage around and head towards the royal castle…)
He came to that conclusion, moved the dragon’s four legs, and… to get out of the garden, started walking towards the mansion gate.
But, it was at that moment.
(…Hmm?)
The Duke suddenly… felt something strange.
Around his butt.
The green monster that the Duke is currently inside… it doesn’t feel pain, but it has a sense of touch.
And that sense of touch is shared with the Duke.
In other words, the ‘butt’ here refers to the butt of the dragon body created by the green goo.
So the Duke casually moved the dragon’s long neck and looked down at his rear end.
And there he saw.
A creature clinging to him like a black bug.
It was.
The black-haired, black-eyed girl… who he should have blown away…!
“JARYABAH!?”
Almost at the same time the dragon controlled by the Duke cried out in surprise, the black-haired, black-eyed girl clinging to the green monster’s body took action!
The black-haired, black-eyed girl,
Chomp!
Opened her mouth wide and bit into the base of the dragon’s tail!
And then…!!
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ…!!
With such an unpleasant sound!
The green goo… that constitutes the monster!
…She started sucking it in!!
* * *
Now, Emi, who had been blown away to the edge of the garden, was able to reach the monster relatively easily because it was casually playing around, using its powers.
After all, even though this monster has three pairs of eyes, they’re all facing forward, creating a blind spot.
And because the Duke, the core of the monster, isn’t a combat-savvy person, he couldn’t detect Emi, who was using 【Presence Concealment】.
<Now then… shall we begin, Emi?>
(Of course.)
Emi inwardly nodded at Extra-sama, ignoring the dragon’s surprised cry.
(But before that.)
And then, opening her mouth wide, she bit into the dragon.
(Time to refuel!!)
…She started sucking in the green goo that constitutes its body with incredible force!!
This green goo, as Extra-sama explained earlier, is something created by the mechanism of Last Dream, materializing a part of the mana it contains.
It’s no exaggeration to say that it’s a lump of mana.
…In other words, this goo, for Emi…
Is nothing more than a nutritious jelly-like food!
And surprisingly!
<N-No way, that’s impossible!?>
(This… tastes like apple!?)
…It even tasted good!!
A monster, rampaging with its vast amount of mana!
An idol, created at the end of a delusion, imitating the forms of a legendary Great Hero, a Golden Dragon, and a Demon Queen!
Its true nature is…!!
…Apple jelly!!!
“IGYARUPABIII!?”
While the monster was screaming in confusion, the goo from its tail to its butt and hind legs was sucked dry, and that part of its body transformed into something like a deflated balloon!
And as if in inverse proportion to that, Emi’s body, regaining mana, was filled with power.
Her injuries healed, her fatigue vanished… and her jet-black armor was restored!
“GYABAPAAAーーー!!”
Of course, the monster wouldn’t just stand there and watch as its body was devoured.
To crush this terrifying black bug, the Great Hero idol, which emerged from the dragon’s right shoulder, swung its large sword down, ignoring even the damage to its own body!
It was a powerful blow that, a moment ago, she could only dodge.
…But for Emi now, with her body and mana recovering, it’s a different story!
“RAAAAAAAAAGH!!”
The moment the large sword was swung down!
Emi stopped her jelly refueling and quickly deployed a pair of 【Black Arms】!
And then, crossing them above her head… she blocked the large sword’s blow!
ZZZZZZZZOOOON!!
The force of the Great Hero’s swing created a crater in the ground around Emi, but she was unharmed!
“AAAAAGH!!”
And then, Emi, using her 【Black Arms】, brushed away the large sword and jumped high into the air.
At the same time, she instantly subdivided her 【Black Arms】, transforming them into 【Black Tentacles】.
And using those 【Black Tentacles】, she weaved together a jet-black, terrifying large sword.
A deadly weapon that easily sliced through even a legendary giant squid… the 【Black Greatsword】!
“RAAAAAAAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
Emi swung the 【Black Greatsword】 down towards the Great Hero!
“GOIJADAPAAAーーー!!!”
The Great Hero held his large sword horizontally above his head, assuming a defensive stance to block Emi’s 【Black Greatsword】’s swing!
But…
Emi’s 【Black Greatsword】 is enveloped in mana.
The same mana used for cutting as 【Mantis】.
Therefore, its sharpness is incredible.
Emi’s 【Black Greatsword】.
Easily sliced through the Great Hero’s large sword.
And with the same momentum, bisected the Great Hero, left and right!!
“UBARYAJIHAPAAAAーーー…”
Letting out a death throe from somewhere, the Great Hero idol crumbled, turning into mere apple jelly.
“KYARARASHIIIー!?”
“GYABO-JABOーーー!!”
Seeing that, the green Demon Queen and the green Golden Dragon simultaneously cried out in shock!
And Emi.
Dissipated the 【Black Greatsword】 the moment she landed.
…And rubbed her stomach.
“Not enough…”
Muttering that.
She jumped.
Landing on the dragon’s right shoulder, where the Great Hero had been.
And from there, she tore through the skin of the green monster.
Its insides… like an earthworm burrowing through the ground… she began to devour!