【Beautiful Girl Detective Akashiterika!】The Superbad Treasure Theft Case 5
* * *
“…Anyway, please stop going ahead on your own. There are traps, and it’s dangerous. I’ll disable them now.”
After all the commotion, Director Rakigataa, sighing, touched a lamp-shaped magic lamp attached to the corridor wall.
And then, the wall next to it slid vertically, and a control panel emerged from within!
Director Rakigataa entered a password on the panel, inserted his middle finger into a small hole next to the panel, and poured mana into it.
“Beep, beep.”
A high-pitched sound came from the panel.
“Authentication complete. Trap deactivation complete.”
Then, a mechanical, inhuman announcement echoed through the room.
“…That’s… a technique I’ve never seen before…”
Akashiterika, her eyes wide, involuntarily let out a surprised voice, reminded of the security authentication devices from her previous life.
“Gufufu… We, the Frozends, devote ourselves to ‘preparation’. This device is also a relic of the Super-Ancient Magic Civilization, which the head of the family at the time spared no expense to obtain… Now then, let’s move on.”
Director Rakigataa, grinning at Akashiterika’s surprise, started walking down the corridor.
Akashiterika and Emi followed him.
“H-Hey… Detective Munodes!? Are you okay?”
“Wake up!”
…Flustered voices of two police officers can be heard from behind.
It seems that Detective Munodes rolled all the way to the entrance.
Since he seems to be unconscious, the three of them decided to ignore him.
* * *
Now then, beyond the trapped corridor, behind the door—
That room is the true treasure vault of this museum.
Akashiterika and Emi, entering the room guided by Director Rakigataa, looked around curiously at the various treasures neatly displayed there.
“Welcome to the heart of our museum. This is a special place where no one, not even the staff, except for myself and the deputy director, is allowed to enter.”
“I see… That empty glass case in the front… is where the ‘Superbad Jeweled Crown’ was kept?”
“That’s correct.”
Akashiterika walked over to the empty glass case and checked the surroundings.
She lowered her posture, kneeling, and carefully scanned the area.
Is it marble…? There are no clues related to the culprit on the smooth, white floor.
No footprints, no hair… nothing.
“…This is exactly how it was when the incident was discovered, right?”
“Yes. Although I’ve reactivated the traps in the corridor for security reasons.”
“I see…”
That’s right… those traps from earlier… were deactivated for some reason when the incident was discovered.
This incident, by the way, was discovered this morning.
A female staff member, who happened to pass by the treasure vault, discovered that the door, which should have been locked, was left open.
And then, when she and other staff members checked inside, they found that several Superbad Treasures were missing…
That’s how the incident was discovered.
Akashiterika knew that because it was written in the documents Detective Munodes gave her beforehand.
Then why did Detective Munodes, despite knowing that the traps were deactivated, say something nonsensical like ‘Emi, who wouldn’t die from the traps, is the culprit’…? That’s because Detective Munodes is Detective Munodes.
…Anyway.
“…………”
Akashiterika focused her mind further, trying to find any clues.
But she couldn’t find anything.
She couldn’t find anything…
“Haa… I can’t believe the ‘Superbad Jeweled Crown’ was stolen… I can’t apologize enough to the late Emperor Nogoisa, who entrusted the Frozends with its safekeeping…”
Director Rakigataa, beside her, slumped his shoulders, lamenting, shrinking his large body.
Nogoisa is the last emperor, before this country transitioned to a republic.
“Hey, Akashiterika.”
Here, Emi, who had been doing nothing, asked Akashiterika a question.
“I’ll help you look. What kind of treasure is this ‘Superbad something’?”
That’s right, Emi doesn’t know anything about the Superbad Treasures.
What they’re currently looking for isn’t the treasure itself, but clues about the culprit… but Emi should also know more details.
Akashiterika turned to Emi, and started to explain.
“…The Superbad Jeweled Crown is a crown embedded with a divine jewel, said to have been bestowed upon the first emperor, Ad, by God. It’s a symbol of authority, used by generations of emperors, and a magic tool with tremendous power.”
“Hmm…”
Here, Emi looked down, searching her memories, and then suddenly looked up.
“Is that divine jewel… white? About the size of a fist?”
She said that.
“Oh my, you know about it? That’s right…”
And that statement was correct.
Although surprised by Emi’s unexpected knowledge, Akashiterika continued her explanation.
“The first emperor, Ad, is said to have been born a commoner. But he was exceptionally talented, and succeeded in everything he did, and his friends always praised him, saying ‘You’re superb, Ad!’, ‘You’re really superb, Ad!’.”
“Eh… So that’s why it’s called the ‘Superbad Empire’?”
“Yes.”
‘Superbad Empire’, because ‘Superb Ad’.
It’s impossible for a country to be named for such a negative reason.
If anyone misunderstood, please calm down.
“…And Ad, unable to stand the oppression of the small country that ruled this region at the time, raised an army, and quickly overthrew it… Moreover, he conquered the surrounding countries one after another, and quickly established the Superbad Empire. And at his coronation ceremony as the first emperor, what descended from the heavens, along with God’s words of celebration, was…”
“The divine jewel…”
“Yes. The divine jewel is a gem containing God’s power, and Ad summoned the best magic tool craftsman of the time, and had him embed the divine jewel into a crown. As a result, the Superbad Jeweled Crown, which was created, had the effect of ‘granting superhuman power to members of the imperial family when worn’… and it has also been used as a trump card by the imperial family.”
“In other words, it’s a symbol of authority, and also a magical weapon.”
Director Rakigataa interrupted here.
“That’s why Emperor Nogoisa, to show that he had no intention of rebelling against the republic, relinquished the Superbad Jeweled Crown, and entrusted it to the Frozends… We, who aren’t members of the imperial family, can’t use it.”
And Director Rakigataa smiled at Akashiterika.
“Gufufu, Akashiterika-sama… thank you for that perfect explanation.”
“I can’t afford to be wrong about that crown…”
Akashiterika smiled wryly at his smile.
“Hey, Akashiterika.”
Emi continued to ask questions.
“I understand that the crown is amazing. Then, um, the plate, and the dolls? Are the other stolen treasures also amazing? Do they also have something to do with the imperial family?”
“…I’ll answer that. This way, please.”
But before Akashiterika could answer, Director Rakigataa moved.
Director Rakigataa, leading Akashiterika and Emi, walked deeper into the treasure vault, the sound of his leather shoes echoing—kotsu-kotsu—and headed towards a different, empty glass case.
Near that glass case… is a pedestal, large enough for about five people to stand on.
“Teodartes’s Plate, and the Frozend Living Dolls… Both can be said to be valuable, wonderful treasures. However, unlike the Superbad Jeweled Crown, these… have nothing to do with the Superbad imperial family… They’re purely a part of the Frozends’ collection, gathered over a long history.”
And Director Rakigataa began to explain the other stolen treasures.
TL Note: I am really in deep with this whole “Superbad Empire” localization, I had no way of foreseeing like 40 chapters ago that the author was going keep bringing up this name.
The original japanese is basically “sugee warui” empire which essentially means in a casual tone between friends “super baaad”. In the original japanese for the chapter, the first emperor’s name is actually ‘Rui’ not ‘Ad’.
So their explanation for the name of the empire was “sugee wa Rui!’ which translates to “You’re amazing Rui!”. I am regretful I had to change the original name of “Rui” but I don’t think it’s going to come up much again if ever (hopefully).