The Revenger Shows Himself
* * *
“Chiwawawaaaa!!”
I bisect the leaping Assault Chiwanwan in half vertically with a chop… 【Mantis】.
“Migyaaaa!!”
The Forest Topopolock trying to pass by my side, taking advantage of that opening, is finely sliced by 【Magic Slash Thread】.
“Bububu!!”
The softball-sized beetle charging with an unpleasant buzzing sound is swatted away and crushed with my hand.
I punch the following Mountain Topopolock to death.
I kick the Grim Reaper Wolf to death.
I kill the Noshteruketch.
Kill, kill, kill, kill, kill!
And yet, the monsters’ assault doesn’t stop!
They all drool, their eyes dyed with murderous intent, and repeat reckless charges!
“Don’t… MESS WITH ME!!”
Unintentionally, due to irritation, I put extra strength into my arm each time I swing it.
I punch the Grim Reaper Wolf with all my might.
The fragile monster’s body easily bursts and my fist, without losing momentum, punches the ground.
Zunn…!!
A low sound resonates and a small crater is formed.
And what is created is a slight opening.
“””Migyaaaa!!”””
Not missing that, the Forest Topopolocks trying to invade the base!
“AAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!”
I scream in rage!
Don’t mess with me!
Don’t mess with me! Don’t mess with me! Don’t mess with me!
That’s my dwelling!
You guys!
Have no right to set foot in it!!
Kill! Kill! Kill!
I grab a clump of earth from the ground and throw it instantly!
【Infinite Pebbles】!!
The thrown earth unerringly hits the heads of the vile creatures and turns them into silent corpses!
<C-Calm down! Please calm down, Emi! You’re too angry!>
There’s no way I can calm down!!
These guys!
These monsters!!
Are trying to mess up my base!
I can’t forgive that!
I’ll kill them all!!
<Emi, if you want to protect the base, it’s of course necessary to kill the monsters! But calm down! Your movements are too big, consuming extra stamina and magic power! This is a battle of endurance! Don’t forget that!>
“…”
Extra-sama’s advice is so on point that it cools my head a bit.
I take a deep breath while grabbing the leaping Forest Topopolock’s neck and tearing it off.
I look around while slicing the surrounding monsters with 【Magic Slash Thread】.
The sight of corpses piled up, this is exactly it.
The corpses of monsters crushed and sliced by me are scattered about, and there are many craters and trenches on the ground.
And yet, the monsters’ fighting spirit has not waned, and they come at me without fear.
<Perhaps some kind of drug is being used. Like a stimulant.>
A stimulant?
<And probably, Emi is also somewhat under its influence.>
Ah, I see.
No wonder my anger won’t subside no matter how much I kill.
Even now, it’s bubbling up.
Anger.
Murderous intent.
The monsters who make annoying screams and attack my precious things.
Absolutely unforgivable.
Kill them.
Kill them all.
<Emi, calm down!>
“…”
Once again, Extra-sama’s voice cools down my mind that was about to be consumed by anger.
This is… bad.
Worse than I thought.
I can’t control my emotions.
Because of that, I’m definitely using too much magic power.
How long have I been fighting?
I wasn’t calm enough to even know that.
I’m quite tired.
<There were dragons on the eastern mountain. There may be other equally strong enemies. If such beings attack now… a tough battle will be unavoidable.>
Extra-sama said it in a very roundabout way.
But I understood well what Extra-sama wanted to say.
It’s not just a matter of a tough battle being unavoidable.
I might die.
That’s how tired I am.
It’s a big blunder.
“…”
Alright, I’ve calmed down.
I switch my fighting style.
“Mi–”
“Gi–”
“Chi–”
I kill the Forest Topopolock, Reaper Wolf, and Assault Chiwanwan with a single blow and quickly gouge out their flesh.
That flesh goes straight into my mouth.
I try to fill my stomach with as much life as possible to recover my magic power.
I resent my small mouth that can only eat a little at a time.
“Gi–”
“Bu–”
“Gu–”
“Gu–”
“Ga–”
This is work.
This is work.
Pest extermination work.
I kill calmly while eating meat.
I kill before they can make unpleasant screams.
<That’s good, keep it up! You’re fighting calmly, Emi! Right now, you’re like a cold-blooded killing machine!>
Is that really a compliment, Extra-sama!?
… But, good!
I’m quite calm now!
I can even retort to Extra-sama!
While tearing apart and killing the monsters that keep charging without learning, I felt a little relieved.
I can still fight like this.
I can kill a lot more!
But, however.
That relief, that accumulated fatigue, created a slight carelessness in me.
An opening was born.
And there was an existence that didn’t miss that opening.
* * *
He was waiting for an opportunity.
From the high, high cliff of Mount Nanga, he had been searching for the whereabouts of his nemesis the whole time.
Surprisingly, his excellent eyesight had succeeded in clearly capturing the new territory of humans made at the far foot of the mountain.
Of course, the situation of the demon living there was also transparent to him.
He had been biding his time while hiding himself.
He was watching for the timing when he could surely bury the demon.
And that time had finally come!
On this day, the forest at the foot of the mountain was strangely noisy.
Strange red smoke rose in several places, and a variety of beings, getting worked up and raising cries, began an assault on the human territory.
The opportunity had come!
He was convinced!
And conveniently, his nemesis, the demon, began fighting on the eastern edge of its territory, the side of the mountain where he could unilaterally observe.
He continued observing.
The demon swinging its arms and legs while a pitch-black haze drifted around its body.
The bodies of various beings that burst just from that alone.
A terrifying power.
However.
He directed his awareness to the overwhelming power surging in his own body.
With his power, he could stand up to that.
He had trained.
Trained and trained.
He had no more room for growth.
He had trained to the point where he could realize that.
Now that his mother and the dragons were dead.
He was the lord of this mountain, both in name and reality.
But unlike the foolish dragons, he had not the slightest interest in the lord’s seat.
What was the point of sitting at the top?
His purpose was revenge.
Just that alone.
As he continued observing, a change appeared in the demon’s behavior.
The demon’s movements, which had been tearing off lives carelessly as if mowing down weeds, became a little smaller.
It was still killing, but its movements clearly showed fatigue.
Now.
Now is the only time!
He stood up!
Restraining his heart that was getting out of control due to hatred, enduring the urge to scream!
He forcefully put strength into his four legs!
And released it with all his might!
The next moment, his huge body was dancing in the air, making a whooshing sound.
From the high, high cliff of Mount Nanga.
In one leap to where the demon was!
He jumped!!
* * *
It was sudden.
Something huge suddenly fell in front of me.
<Wha->
That which fell with a tremendous impact sound.
Without even giving Extra-sama time to say something.
Swung something huge and thick horizontally at me with all its might!
“Gu!!?”
That was probably an arm.
I understood that the moment I was blown away and slammed against the defensive wall in an unsightly manner.
“Ge-ho…”
I unintentionally coughed.
I was able to scatter the impact a little with an instantaneous magic conversion.
The defensive wall only cracked.
But I took the first attack head-on.
My body is very sturdy.
And because it’s small and light, when I take a strong single blow, I get blown away first.
Being able to mitigate the power of attacks to some extent thanks to that is a big advantage of this body.
However, even so.
It’s quite a lot of damage.
It hurts a lot.
<A-Are you okay, Emi!?>
I forcefully raise my body from the defensive wall that I had sunk into a little, and jump down to the ground.
I land on one knee.
I stand up and shake my arms and legs.
I rotate my waist.
Yeah, I’m fine.
Nothing is broken.
<What in the world…>
What in the world happened?
It’s simple.
I was punched.
By the huge thing in front of me.
<…!!>
Yes, in front of me, from who knows where it appeared… a big, big… probably bigger than a two-story house from my previous life… bear was there.
A bear.
Its form is too huge, but it’s definitely a bear.
And characteristically, its fur is a golden color that sparkles in the sunlight.
A golden, huge bear.
I have fought similar opponents before.
This guy is…
“GUOOOOOOHHH!!!”
“!!!”
It was the next moment!
The golden bear leaped up with an agility unimaginable from its huge body and swung down both arms at me!
I had no choice but to dodge by jumping to the side!
But the golden bear’s attack didn’t end there, and it swung the arms it had slammed into the ground horizontally this time!
“Mu!!”
This time, a direct hit!
But I reduced the damage with magic conversion and deliberately let myself be blown away a little to create distance, taking advantage of the bear’s arm’s momentum.
With this, I’ve taken two attacks.
“Grrrrrr…!”
And yet, the golden bear growled, clearly displeased at me who was still maintaining my body and moving around after taking those attacks.
“…”
While continuing to kill the monsters trying to invade the base amidst the chaos using 【Infinite Pebbles】, I never take my eyes off the golden bear.
Because it’s obvious that if I show even a slight opening, I will suffer another painful attack the next moment.
This bear is different from the other monsters.
It seems to be retaining its reason and has no interest in invading the base.
The target of that bear is me.
What burns in that bear’s eyes, what mixes with its growls, is intense hatred and murderous intent.
Towards me.
“…Are you.”
Unintentionally, words leak out.
I had an idea about that hatred and murderous intent.
“That thing’s… family or something… child.”
“GUOOOOOOHHH!!!”
There’s no way a bear would understand human language.
So that cry was probably not an answer or anything.
But I was convinced.
This bear has come for revenge.
To kill me who killed its family!
Yes!
I have an idea!
I once killed a bear as huge and golden as this bear!
After a fierce battle, I ate its flesh!
And the bear in front of me resembles that bear too much.
No doubt about it.
This guy is a relative of the bear I killed.
It can’t stand me.
I can tell by looking at those eyes.
I can tell by hearing that voice.
I.
I have killed so many, so many to survive.
But I rarely have the experience.
Of being exposed to the hatred born as a result.
The sadness of having a loved one taken away.
The hatred and anger towards me who took away a loved one.
The all too justified vengeful spirit.
Being exposed to that.
I.
I…!
<Emi…!>
Didn’t feel… particularly… anything…!
<Huh, huuuh…!?>
Revenge or whatever, that bear seems to be bearing a grand background despite being a bear.
But in the end, to me, it’s just an enemy.
Nothing more than an obstacle that hinders my life.
There’s no way I have any sympathy to give to such a thing.
I did it to survive.
As a result, you resent me.
You can do as you please.
But.
But I can’t be killed by the likes of you.
I will live.
Even if I have to sacrifice everything except my life and Extra-sama’s, I will survive!
Am I saying anything strange, Extra-sama!?
<…No, I think it’s a very desirable way of thinking… Ufufu, at least for me.>
I lower my hips a little and take a fighting stance with my fists in front of my body.
I glare at the golden bear.
“GUOOOOOOHHH!!!”
In response to me taking a combat stance again, the golden bear howled and intimidated.
Just by that cry, the surroundings trembled with a crackling sound, and the large nishakasha tree behind me fell over with a creaking noise.
“A brat with a big voice and big body…”
I return the 【Intimidation】 without losing.
The pitch-black haze drifting around me further increases in density.
“I’ll show you… the end… of your revenge…”
I raise the strength of my body higher and higher with 【Body Strengthening】.
I take a step forward.
And I.
“IT’SSS!!! INSIDE!!! MY VERY COREEEE!!!”
Charged at the golden bear with all my might!!!
Finally, the boss of this chapter, Golden Bear Gaharinki junior appears!
It’s the true identity of ???.
Even if it wasn’t a perfect match, it was quite obvious that its true identity was “the child of a monster that resents Emi,” right?