【It’s Fine to Reincarnate as a Villainess Daughter! But the Name ‘Ijiwaar Deswaar’ Seems a Bit too Cruel, Don’t You Think!?】 – Sara Salar the Baron’s Daughter Side
* * *
“……Hey, wake up Sara. We’ve arrived at the Royal Kiralimake Academy where you’ll be studying from now on.”
“……Huh? Ah, really!? Really, is it true!?”
I jolted awake at Kiskett-sensei’s voice, wiped the drool from my mouth, and peeked outside the carriage window!
Sprawled before me was the majestic decorated gate, beautifully manicured gardens, and dazzling upperclassmen conversing in their shining uniforms!
It was such a brilliant world, I could scarcely tell if the dream I’d been having moments ago was still continuing.
A lovely fragrance wafted from the garden flowers – a complete departure from the manure stench of the Salar Baron’s territory!
Indeed, exactly!
The world of ‘Swords and Magic and Romance ~Sparkling Academy, Underdog Love Story!~’ that I played to literal nausea in my previous life had unfolded right before me!
“Uwah! Amazing, amazing! Ah! Masshio’s fountain and Shokon’s copper statue too – exactly like in the game!”
“Hey Sara, leaning out is dangerous, you know……But anyway, what’s this about a ‘game’?”
“Hah!? U-Umm…..ah! Ughh~! I must have gotten carriage sick! I think I’m gonna puke!!”
“……Sheesh, you really do say the most outlandish things. In any case, don’t do anything reckless, all right?”
Phew! Close one! I managed to throw Kiskett-sensei off with my brilliant fake vomit act!
Heh! As expected of the notoriously clueless “helper” character Kiskett-sensei from the game.
Deceiving this guy is child’s play for me!
No matter what the protagonist says in the game, this total pushover teacher just accepts and affirms it, after all.
But still, I really did reincarnate into the game world, huh……. I felt it all over again.
I had realized it when I found out Martz the Baron and Emma the Baroness were my parents, but those two basically only show up during the long vacation periods in the game.
So with just that, I was only half-convinced.
There were little discrepancies too at the Baron’s estate, like a girl I’d never seen in the game, or an old man who was supposed to be there but wasn’t.
Speaking of which, apparently I nearly died from a monster’s venom, but wasn’t that incident a substitute for the game’s opening event of “getting ambushed by bandits and left for dead”?
I ranted so much when playing about how dumb it was for a bandit attack to open an otome game, so I remember that event vividly.
It existed solely to have the helper character Kiskett-sensei show up and guide you through the tutorial, with no other real foreshadowing or significance – which was refreshingly unique, hence why it stuck in my mind.
You’d see it over and over on repeat playthroughs too, since it was unskippable.
Well, while there are little differences like that, there’s no doubt this is the game world.
I, “Sugi Chihiro”, have reincarnated into the world of my beloved otome game.
“Fufufu……”
“? Sara?”
But more than that, even more!
My head is still chock-full of the walkthrough information from when I played the game!
Which means, in other words!
I can freely sweep up the hearts of any romance targets!
Exactly as I please!
That’s what it means!!
“Gufufufufu!”
“Hey! Hey Sara! What’s with that ominous laughter!?”
“Hah!? Oh, n-no, it’s just, over there! There’s a dog, you see! Seeing a dog settled my queasiness, so I was just feeling happy!”
“What kind of constitution do you have? Also, that’s a cat over there?”
Phew~~~! Another close call, just barely avoided!
I only managed because Kiskett-sensei is so hopelessly dense, but I’ll need to be more careful going forward.
After all, having the game’s walkthrough information is essentially the same as knowing the future from the perspective of the in-game characters.
If that got out, any of my actions could be seen as having ulterior motives to “bring down the other person”, preventing me from being able to romance anyone at all!
Conversely, if it remains secret, everything will undoubtedly go my way.
I realized during magic practice back home that conveniently, it seems I’ve inherited the game’s data – my abilities are nearly maxed out already, easily allowing me to overpower with sheer stats if needed.
If things go smoothly, I might even be able to choose a harem route!
“Gufufu……Guhahaha……Haaaahahahaha!!!”
“Hey, Sara? Sara, keep it down, will you? Everyone’s looking at our carriage now. I’m totally gonna act like I don’t know you from here on out, okay? Okay?”
I will!!!
Revel in this world’s spring to the absolute fullest!!!!
……But.
But will it really be okay? Is this really fine?
For some reason, I can’t shake the feeling that I’m forgetting something extremely important……
That vague sense crops up occasionally.
I wonder what this feeling is……?