The Perverted Old Geezer Entrusts the Future
* * *
“Hah! Hyah!”
The newly established Adventurer’s Guild branch office in the Zamago Forest.
To be precise, it seems it’s not officially operational yet, but anyway, Adventurer Abets’ current job was to escort the merchant clients who come here for trading.
And yet.
“Why! Has this! Happened!”
Abets cursed like that while swinging his mace with the monstrous strength welling up from his proud physique, crushing the Forest Topopolocks and Noshteruketch attacking one after another!
“Hey! Don’t let your guard down!! ‘Water, become a sharp spear and pierce the enemy! 【Water Lance】!'”
“Chiwawawaaaaa!!?”
The one who repelled the Assault Chiwanwan that leaped at Abets’ blind spot with bared fangs using water magic was his partner Ebicity!
She is a beauty with shiny blue hair and has known Abets for a long time.
They are skilled at covering each other in battle.
“My bad!”
“No problem.”
The two stood back-to-back, glaring at the surrounding monsters.
Currently, they are fighting near the collapsed south defensive wall of the Zamago Forest base.
The two, who had arrived at the base, happened to be resting at this place.
And they witnessed the moment the defensive wall exploded.
Fortunately, they weren’t caught up in that explosion, but they ended up getting involved in the battle against the monsters trying to invade the base through the gaps in the collapsed defensive wall without understanding what was going on.
(This is bad… Everyone is getting quite tired.)
Abets clicked his tongue after briefly scanning the other adventurers fighting around with his eyes.
Like Abets and the others, the other adventurers are also scrambling to respond to this sudden situation.
Naturally, they aren’t fully prepared in terms of mindset, equipment, etc.
On top of that, the monsters in the Zamago Forest are overwhelmingly numerous compared to other lands.
The endless assault was definitely pushing the adventurers to their physical and mental limits.
Of course, Abets was no exception to that.
“Chiwawawaaaaa!!”
“Oh sh-…!?”
Another surprise attack by the Assault Chiwanwan.
In response to that, Abets, who was lacking concentration, was completely late to react.
His partner is currently dealing with the beetle monsters, Genocide Bunbun, that came flying from a different direction.
This time… he can’t expect her to cover for him.
Abets’ subjective perception of time slowed down, and his life flashed before his eyes.
Leaving his hometown, starting his activities as an adventurer, meeting Ebicity.
The two of them completed numerous requests and adventures together, and finally, their rank rose to 3.
A lot of things happened.
There were tough times.
But even though he never said it out loud… it was because Ebicity was there that he could overcome any hardship.
And it was because she was there that it was always fun.
(Ah…)
The Assault Chiwanwan leaped straight at his neck.
His body won’t move.
Only his eyes moved, capturing the figure of his beloved partner in his field of vision.
She noticed Abets’ crisis but couldn’t do anything, and her face was painted with despair.
(I’m sorry.)
Finally, Abets apologized to her in his heart with those words, gripped the ring he had put in his pocket that he couldn’t give her in the end through his clothes, and prepared himself for death…
But!!!
“‘Earth, become a wall and protect that person! 【Wall】!'”
The moment a dignified chant of magic resounded suddenly!
The ground at Abets’ feet swelled up in an instant, and an earth wall was born to protect him!
“Chiwan!?”
The Assault Chiwanwan crashed into the suddenly created earth wall!
It broke its neck from that impact while letting out a stupid sound and died!
“Are you okay!? Abets!”
“Y-Yeah, somehow. But what is this…”
While being hugged by his partner who ran up to him with teary eyes, Abets was dumbfounded, not understanding what had happened.
“This must be the work of ‘Earth Sage’-sama’! That person saved you!”
“‘E-Earth Sage’?”
“You don’t know!? The former special-rank adventurer, Earthcell-sama the ‘Earth Sage’ is here! He’s a legendary earth magic user, someone so amazing that any magic user has definitely heard his name before! Look, it must be that person!”
The one Ebicity pointed at was a small figure advancing out of the base through the gap in the collapsed defensive wall.
Due to the dust, only the silhouette can be confirmed, but long, long mustache can be seen swaying in the wind.
That figure occasionally shoots earth bullets with magic to support the adventurers while slowly advancing forward as if to grasp the surrounding situation.
“O young ones!!”
And finally, it stopped.
“Well done for your hard work! Now that I’m here, you can rest assured!”
Saying that, in a hoarse voice but powerfully declared!
At that point, the surrounding adventurers had already noticed its presence and all at once turned their gazes towards the direction of that voice!
The one standing there!
The person whose figure was revealed as the dust was completely blown away by the wind!
Clad in a seasoned adventurer’s attire!
Long mustache fluttering in the wind!
An old man with an amount of magic power unthinkable for an ordinary person in that small body!
“Oh…!”
“That person is…!?”
Hope lit up on the faces of the adventurers who were exhausted and on the verge of giving up!
Not only Ebicity, but there were others who knew it too!
That Earthcell was in this base!
The legendary earth magic user, Earthcell the “Earth Sage” was here!!
“Now, just hang in there a little longer! I will now repair the defensive wall! Until then, somehow endure it, will you!?”
“Ooooohhh!!!”
With Earthcell’s appearance, the adventurers’ hearts were stirred!
Each of them readied their weapons and charged at the monsters!
But, however.
Among those adventurers, there was one.
One who couldn’t move right away.
It was Abets.
He had just faced a life-threatening crisis and was saved in the nick of time.
Therefore, his legs gave out.
And that’s why, because it was him.
He was able to calmly observe the surroundings.
He noticed the strange part of Earthcell that the other adventurers overlooked, carried away by the momentum.
He didn’t know why.
Earthcell.
That old geezer.
…Was wearing panties on his head.
Once he noticed that, it was no good!
Even if he tried to concentrate and fight the monsters, he couldn’t help but be bothered by the panties on that old geezer’s head!
Why is he wearing something like that!?
Is he messing around!?
Isn’t he supposed to be a renowned magic user!?
Questions swirled in his head, and he couldn’t concentrate!
He ended up glancing at the panties on the old geezer’s head!
The old geezer also noticed Abets’ behavior.
Their eyes met.
Then the old geezer paused the repair of the defensive wall and ran up to Abets.
“Is this bothering you?”
And with a serious face, he asked Abets that.
While pointing at the panties on his head.
“…Yeah, it does bother me…”
Abets answered honestly with a strained face.
“…Sorry, but this is my most prized possession… I can’t give it to you!!”
The perverted old geezer said that with an incredibly apologetic look.
“…”
No, I don’t want it!!
Abets almost retorted like that reflexively but suppressed that urge at the last moment.
This old geezer… seems to be a person called a legend as a magic user.
He thought he shouldn’t be rude.
“But… however! You have good eyes… I think it’s fine to entrust this to you!”
Saying that, the perverted old geezer casually searched his breast pocket and pulled something out.
And he placed it on Abets’ palm and forcibly made him grip it.
“I have named it… ‘Future’!”
When Abets opened his palm.
What was there.
Was panties.
“Well then! I need to hurry and repair the defensive wall! Farewell, my comrade in arms!!”
The perverted old geezer who pushed the panties onto Abets and ran off as if his business was done, resuming the repair of the defensive wall.
Abets, despite being in the middle of battle, blankly stared at the panties on his palm.
…And he noticed his beloved partner, Ebicity, was next to him.
Abets was quite confused.
The battle started without understanding why.
His life was saved.
And then panties were entrusted to him for some reason.
What should he do with these panties?
His mind wasn’t working at all.
And to his partner next to him.
For some reason, he blurted out.
“…Do you want them?”
The next moment, the sound of a slap resounded across the battlefield.
But, however!
There wasn’t a single person who paid attention to that sound!
Because, right after Abets was hit by Ebicity!
A tremendous impact sound that was incomparable to the intermittent Zonn, Zonn sounds that had been resonating until now!
…Came from the east side of the base!!
By the way, the panties entrusted to Abets were the ones Earthcell was wearing when he first came to the Zamago Forest.