The General Skeleton 3
* * *
“RAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
I started charging towards General Tekigataa, holding Princess Kawayuikko’s ankle, frozen in a praying posture, swinging her around!
『S-Stop it! Stop itーーー!?』
General Tekigataa, in response, hurriedly backed away, holding his greatsword in front of him in a defensive stance.
He’s hesitant, perhaps because he doesn’t want to attack the princess.
That’s convenient!
“Take this! 【Princess Club】ーーー!!”
I jumped up lightly, and swung the princess… with all my might… at General Tekigataa!
BA-KIIIIIIIIIN!!
【Princess Club】 easily shattered General Tekigataa’s greatsword, and continued its path towards his exposed skull!
But!
『Hey! Hey, don’t screw with me!? What are you thinking!? The princess isn’t a blunt weapon!! Stop swinging her around!!』
As expected of General Tekigataa, he’s a master.
He dodged the swung-down 【Princess Club】 at the last minute, jumping backwards!
And then he started spouting nonsense.
‘Stop swinging her around’?
What’s he talking about!?
I was invited to this weird fort!
And I’m forced to fight a weird army of skeletons!
No matter how you look at it, I’m the one being swung around!!
<Th-That’s not what he meant, I think!?>
ZUGAAN!!
Now, 【Princess Club】, having lost its target, slammed into the floor, scattering debris around it.
“RAAAAAAHーーー!!”
I let go of the princess, grabbed the scattered debris, and started using 【Stone Throwing】 at General Tekigataa, one after another!
Now that he’s lost his greatsword!
My 【Stone Throwing】 should be able to reach him!
『Don’t underestimate me, little girl!』
But my plan immediately crumbled.
General Tekigataa shouted, and stomped on the floor—DON—and then… some kind of mechanism installed in the fort activated!
A hole opened up in the floor near him, and then… a new greatsword… emerged from it!
『I was prepared for this… I have spare greatswords all over the fortーーー!!!』
Clang, clang, clang, clang, clang, clang!!
General Tekigataa roars, deflecting all the flying debris with his new greatsword!
<As expected of the renowned general, Tekigataa Frozend, who even overturned God’s scenario with his thorough preparations! He won’t let us win easily…!>
Extra-sama groans in frustration!
But!
“Then I’ll break them all… with this strongest weapon,【Princess Club】!!”
Holding the princess’s ankle, and swinging her around, I resumed my charge towards General Tekigataa!
『Guuu… I have no choice! I have no choice but to do this!!』
“RAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
It seems that General Tekigataa has finally abandoned his hesitation to point his greatsword at the princess.
The general’s greatsword, and my 【Princess Club】—clashing violently—GACHIN, GACHIN—sparks flying, shaking the entire fort, over and over again!
It doesn’t become an even match.
General Tekigataa’s skill is still high.
I’m gradually being pushed back, starting to retreat…
But 【Princess Club】 is overwhelmingly superior in terms of weapon performance!
So!
Crack!
As we continued to clash, that small sound… came from General Tekigataa’s greatsword, and the blade chipped, a crack appearing!
『!!』
“RAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
I immediately swing 【Princess Club】 down, towards that crack!
BAKIN!!
And then, his second greatsword—snapped in half!
I wasted no time, and this time, with an upward swing, I aimed for General Tekigataa himself!
『Not yet! I was prepared for this too!!』
But that attack was blocked… by his third greatsword, which emerged from the floor!
GAKIIN!!
That was a pretty full-powered swing, even for me.
The moment the greatsword and 【Princess Club】 collided, a shockwave was generated, and a gust of wind swept the surrounding area, with a loud roar!
The fort shakes even more violently!
Debris started falling from the ceiling.
It wouldn’t be surprising if this fort began to collapse soon in the aftermath of the battle!
『N-Guh… Fuuu!!』
And then General Tekigataa was blown away by that attack.
He’s groaning, but judging from how he landed cleanly on the floor, it seems he managed to protect himself from the damage.
But his third greatsword is already covered in large cracks, falling apart.
General Tekigataa threw it away, stomped on the floor, and picked up his fourth greatsword that emerged.
And then—
『Gufufu… Fuhahahaha… Gu-ha—hahaha!!』
…He laughed…!
『You… no, well done! You’ve actually managed to corner me! Thanks to that… I’ve made up my mind!!』
General Tekigataa, saying that, rummaged through his armor and took out a old book.
A book with a black cover, with an ominous-looking creature depicted on it, a blasphemous design.
<A-Ah! That’s a ‘Forbidden Grimoire’!?>
“Forbidden Grimoire…?”
<Yes! The Magic God created countless spells, and bestowed them upon humans… But among those spells, some were lost due to various circumstances, and some were forbidden! And those forbidden spells are called ‘Forbidden Magic’, and the book that contains those dangerous spells… is called a ‘Forbidden Grimoire’!>
Eeeh!?
That sounds dangerous!
Why would they even keep such dangerous spells in a book!?
<The reason the gods don’t crack down on them is because ‘it’s romantic to have dangerous books hidden away somewhere’! Also, in isekai reincarnation broadcasts, they’re expected to be used as a ‘trump card for the villain when cornered’… like now!>
Well, I knew it!
『Gufufu… I thought something like this might happen, so I took this book from the Empire’s forbidden library! But I was too scared… to actually use it…』
General Tekigataa thrust his greatsword into the floor, and laughed, shrugging his shoulders.
『But I’ll lose at this rate! So I’ll try using one last thing… even if it costs me my existence!!』
He flipped through the pages of the Forbidden Grimoire… and after quickly finding the spell he was looking for, he began chanting!
『Darkness! Become a great swamp in exchange for my soul, and extend countless arms, dragging everything in! 【Greedy Dark Hand】!』』
The next moment!
Starting from General Tekigataa’s shadow, the floor around him was covered in pitch-black darkness… and from that darkness… countless jet-black arms appeared!