【Beautiful Girl Detective Akashiterika!】The Old Imperial City Frozend Museum Murder Case 5
* * *
The ancient weapon, Steel Index, has been activated!
At this point, Emi, who has fought one of the Steel Five series before, no longer has any reason to hold back.
That steel giant is strong.
If she hesitates to use her full power, it’s certain that the surrounding people, if not Emi herself, will be harmed.
The moment the numerous spheres… the magic drones, were released from Steel Index’s back and started to deploy, Emi decided to completely crush this steel giant.
Jimmyyak is secondary.
Since he no longer has ‘Murder Disc’, he’s not much of a threat.
Emi, silently, put strength into her legs, about to run towards Steel Index…
“Hold on, you’d better not move there, sunglasses brat!”
She was interrupted and stopped by Jimmyyak, whom she had deemed not a threat!
Jimmyyak, unfazed by the intense 【Intimidation】 directed at him from Emi… and without losing his composure, grinned.
And then!
“Kekeke… You’re strong! Definitely stronger than me!! To you, I’m probably like a gnat!! You could easily crush me while dealing with Steel Index!! To be honest… I’m terrified!!”
…He said something incredibly pathetic!
“What are you talking about?”
“But I am Marquis Tomoikiya, a great noble! And the true essence of a great noble is strategic warfare!”
But despite uttering those pathetic words, he doesn’t seem to have any intention of surrendering.
After uttering those seemingly prejudiced words, Jimmyyak raised his right hand, extended his index finger, and spun it around.
Seeing that, Steel Index stopped moving, and its red, eye-like lights flickered.
It’s obediently waiting.
Apparently, that gesture is a signal for giving orders to this steel giant.
“Now, Steel Index!! Ignore the sunglasses brat! Aim for the orange-haired brat in the newsboy cap!!”
And the next moment, after Jimmyyak shouted that!
The magic drones, circling around Steel Index, all extended their short barrels, and aimed at Akashiterika!
“…【Black Arms】!!”
Emi immediately stood before Akashiterika, shielding her from the magic drones’ line of fire, and extended monstrous arms from her shoulders!
And she held them up like shields!
“ALL-OUT FIRING, COMMENCEEEEEEEEEE!!!”
Jimmyyak gave the attack order immediately after.
DADADADADADA!!
Pyun!
Pyu, pyun!!
Countless bullets, and magic beams of various colors, rained down on Emi, who was protecting Akashiterika!
“RAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!”
Emi desperately poured mana into her 【Black Arms】 shields, trying to block them, but the density of the attacks is too high!
Her 【Black Arms】, chipped by the bullets, gouged by the beams, quickly turned into black mist and dissolved into the air…!
“Kekeke, I see victory! Steel Index, give her the finishing blow!”
Jimmyyak, seeing that, laughed triumphantly, spun his index finger, and gave the next order.
And then, Steel Index’s chest opened—Pakari—and a barrel extended from within, and…
BOOM!!
With a particularly loud firing sound, a black, volleyball-sized shell was fired!
The shell flew straight towards Emi’s tattered 【Black Arms】 shields, and hit.
And then!
DOOOOOOOOOOON!!
It exploded with a tremendous roar!
“KYAAAAAAAAH!?”
The impact of the explosion was huge, and even Akashiterika, who was being protected by Emi, as well as Director Rakigataa and the police officers, were blown away by the blast!
And the black smoke from the explosion quickly spread, filling the entrance hall, blocking their vision…
“O-Ouch… cough.”
Now, Akashiterika, who was blown away, had lost consciousness for a moment from the impact.
She hurriedly sat up, covered her mouth with a handkerchief to avoid inhaling the smoke still floating in the air, quickly looked around, and assessed the situation.
The first thing that came into her view… is…
…The place where Emi was standing.
A deep, large hole… where she had put herself between everyone and the blast.
“…………!!”
Akashiterika, her face pale, looked around again.
But.
Emi… was nowhere to be found.