Just Before. 16:03
* * *
(What is that…)
Hiding behind the trees in the forest, which had only a few withered leaves on their branches and were somewhat unreliable as cover, Evil Sword held his breath while observing the target of this request… a girl named Emi walking along the highway.
Perhaps that sentiment was a common confusion shared by the members of “Purple Dual Rings.”
That girl was a black-haired, black-eyed cursed child.
That much he had heard beforehand.
Certainly, as per the prior information, her hair and eyes were an unpleasant color, and that was definitely the target, Emi.
(But what’s with that appearance…?)
That was the problem.
The girl was… so to speak, clad in pitch-black rocks all over her body.
She had a quite bizarre appearance, with her limbs and head poking out from a spherical, rugged, spiky black rock.
The surface of that pitch-black rock occasionally surfaced a rusty red color, then sank back in.
Just looking at it made one feel somewhat uneasy, a gruesome sight…
“Dark Spiky Rock Man…”
Someone muttered in a small voice.
“Oh, Dark Spiky Rock Man…”
“Dark Spiky Rock Man…?”
“Dark Spiky Rock Man…!”
Everyone repeated those words.
“Hmm, I see… Dark Spiky Rock Man, huh…”
Even Ambitious mumbled that while putting his hand to his mouth and snorting.
I don’t know what he “sees.”
Amidst everyone’s confusion and bewilderment… however, only Big Lady was a little calmer than those around her.
“There’s a possibility she’s a rare species that drifted here from the Fantasy Continent, like me.”
Therefore, she voiced that conjecture.
“I see, a rare species…”
“Could that be the reason for her high combat ability and high reward…?”
“Should we try to kill her while preserving her original form as much as possible? If we make her into a stuffed specimen, it might be worth money, right?”
The members of “Purple Dual Rings” were convinced by Big Lady’s conjecture and shared the recognition that “that girl is a rare species called the Dark Spiky Rock Man.”
And after that, they stopped mentioning the girl’s appearance.
After all, that girl was their target, and what mattered was killing her.
Her appearance was irrelevant.
“Hmm, a stuffed specimen. But well, we don’t need to think about difficult things this time. We’ve been offered an absurdly high reward. Asking for more than that would be greedy.”
Ambitious said that while stopping the members who had started chattering with a hand gesture.
Although they had been talking in voices quieter than the rustling of fallen leaves, now even those whispers were gone, and the windless forest was enveloped in silence.
Only Ambitious’s voice reached the ears of the assassins.
“Well then, let’s begin the operation. Everyone, get into position.”
Short Warp, Smooth Stan, Big Lady, Monster Master, and Evil Sword.
They nodded at those words and began to move while erasing their presence.
The only ones left behind were the darkness spirit and Ambitious.
“Now, watch closely, witness. We always do a perfect job. Of course, that goes for this time too!”
Ambitious declared that to the black ball floating in the air… the darkness spirit, with his chest puffed out.
“……”
In response, as before, the darkness spirit didn’t say a word.
…It just floated there.
* * *
In position, leaning out from a tree trunk and staring at the target, Evil Sword’s heart was pounding.
It was due to the nervousness before his first job, and the joy of being able to see someone die, perhaps even kill them himself.
When he first heard about it, he thought it was disgusting to kill a cursed child.
But how about now, once the target was right in front of him, that disgust was completely painted over by his urge to kill!
After all, this job was his true calling.
That’s how he felt.
The plan they had decided on before setting out this time was for Big Lady to attack the target first, also serving as a decoy.
It was a dangerous role to confront the unknown target head-on, but when instructed by Ambitious, Big Lady accepted it without a single objection, her cheeks flushed.
She was… in love.
And if Big Lady could kill the target, that would be fine, but if not, Short Warp, the strongest man in the organization, would launch a surprise attack using his abnormal ability.
According to Ambitious, at this point, the assassination of the target would be about 80% successful.
However, in the unlikely event that Short Warp’s surprise attack failed due to some coincidence, Monster Master and Smooth Stan would finish off the target with a simultaneous attack.
Evil Sword’s turn would come if the target managed to survive even that.
In that case, he would appear in front of the target and cut them down.
…In other words, if this plan were to be considered calmly, Evil Sword’s role this time was almost nonexistent, and it could be regarded that his job as a newcomer was to observe.
The possibility of his skilled seniors botching the job was extremely low, and if Evil Sword’s turn came, it would mean he would be fighting a strong enemy who had defeated the others stronger than him.
Thinking normally, there was no way he could win.
If things came to that, Evil Sword should run away.
However, Evil Sword didn’t notice that fact.
Due to the exhilaration of his first job and his urge to kill, he had lost his composure.
(Ah… I want to kill soon! You feel the same, right, “Soul Devourer”!)
Evil Sword drooled and affectionately stroked “Soul Devourer,” which was rattling in its sheath.
As Smooth Stan and the others had seen through, that sword was not a magic sword, just an ordinary mass-produced item, and the rattling sound was because Evil Sword himself was trembling.
“HEY HEY HEY YOU DIEEEEE!!!”
Big Lady’s rough shout could be heard.
This was the signal for the operation to begin.
Evil Sword also vigorously drew “Soul Devourer (fake)” from its sheath, increased his physical strength with【Body Strengthening】, and grinned crookedly.
“Now, it’s time for social contribution!!!”
His spirit was heightened!
His magic power was surging!!
His murderous intent was boiling!!!
In that state, Evil Sword took a step forward.
That step was somehow awkward because he unintentionally put too much strength into it.
Evil Sword unintentionally made a wry smile.
But that could be said to be his unmistakable first step as a new member of society.
The slaughter… begins!!
If you go back to Chapter 224 from here, you can enjoy the battle scene once more.
【Dark Spiky Rock Man】
A coined term that seems to fit too well to describe the appearance of the mysterious cursed girl.
【Rare Species】
Judging from Big Lady’s tone, it seems there are people called that on the Fantasy Continent.
And Big Lady’s large physique seems to be due to her species.