Assault. 16:30
* * *
“UOOOOOHHH!!!”
Letting out such a war cry, the giant charges towards Emi!
Emi was momentarily astonished by the tremendous force approaching her, but she quickly regained her composure.
If she were just an ordinary girl who didn’t know how to fight, a few seconds later, she would have been blown away by the giant’s charge, exposing her miserable, dismembered body.
However, Emi is different.
This superhuman girl, possessing extraordinary combat abilities and living an abnormally bloody daily life, immediately switched her thinking to battle mode.
In an instant, she dyed her mind with calm anger.
That giant had destroyed Emi’s day that was supposed to end peacefully.
And for some unknown reason, it was trying to kill her.
In other words, it was an enemy.
This girl, who had been engaged in life-or-death battles day after day, had no hesitation in killing an enemy, even if it were someone she could communicate with!
If she hesitated, she would die.
That was the truth she had learned in her short 9-year life.
The giant’s charge was fast.
But for Emi, it was slow.
Emi quickly unwrapped the【Black Arms】coiled around her body for an interception while observing the enemy.
This enemy had a body covered with tremendous muscles.
The muscles on its shoulders and back were abnormally developed, burying its neck.
Its arms and legs were as thick as large trees, and its fists were large enough to easily crush Emi.
Despite it being early winter with light snow fluttering, all it wore was a loincloth and two triangular pieces of cloth covering its chest.
Yes, it was hiding its chest.
And upon closer inspection, its murky green hair was divided into two on the left and right, tied with ribbons.
This giant seemed to be a woman.
But so what?
Emi rapidly sorted through the information.
The information she needed now was the information necessary to kill this enemy.
The judgment she had to make was whether to kill this enemy or flee from this place.
And at that moment when the distance between Emi and the giant narrowed to about 2 meters, Emi’s mind determined the course of action from here on.
This enemy could be killed.
Therefore, kill it.
Yes, she decided!!
“Haaah!!!”
And with that single cry to psych herself up, she slammed her【Black Arms】fist towards the giant!
“Uoooohh!!!”
The giant also tried to beat Emi to death with its huge fist!
The【Black Arms】and the giant’s fist.
Two enormous masses collided with tremendous force, producing an impact sound that made one want to cover their ears!
“Guaaaahhhh!!?”
And in this clash, the one that lost was the giant’s fist!
The giant’s arm was crushed into a pulp by the【Black Arms】blow, sending it flying, losing balance, and rolling on the highway while destroying the stone pavement with its huge body.
Emi wouldn’t miss that opening!
What she was about to unleash next was a strike imbued with magic power into her original fist, in other words,【Magic Strike】.
Due to its size and the fact that she was still training in its operation,【Black Arms】tended to have large swings.
Emi intended to quickly and surely crush the giant’s head with her fist and kill it!
But, however!
“!? …Hah!!”
Emi suddenly turned her back to the rolling giant and swung a hand chop behind her!
“Oh… To notice me.”
The one who calmly avoided that hand chop, which would probably have sliced even iron if it had hit, and muttered those words was a human with a large scar on his forehead and an unkempt beard.
It felt as if he had “suddenly appeared,” a middle-aged man with a well-trained, slender body covered in wild clothing that seemed to be made by stitching together animal furs.
Despite performing the feat of avoiding Emi’s hand chop with a composed face, the amount of magic power overflowing from his body seemed small to Emi.
That was proof that he could perform quite accurate magic power control and manipulation.
This man was undoubtedly strong.
And the way he faced Emi with a hand chop stance… somehow resembled her master.
…Don’t screw with me!!!
Emi’s blood suddenly rushed to her head.
An enemy taking a stance similar to her master.
Displaying similar magic power control techniques.
Emi couldn’t forgive that!
Just from that, she felt as if her master had been defiled!
It was something she had inherited!
This man… she would definitely kill him!
Driven by quite unreasonable but uncontrollable murderous intent, Emi launched an attack on the man!
Sharp hand chops, kicks, punches!
The man silently avoided, deflected, and continued to handle the fatal attacks unleashed one after another by the girl, sometimes by dodging, sometimes by redirecting.
Yes, he was redirecting them.
Emi’s violence that could even hunt down dragons!
In other words, it meant that this man was offsetting the power of Emi’s attacks through magic power conversion.
In short, this was also proof of this man’s high level of skill, and it further fueled the flames of Emi’s anger!
The speed of Emi’s fists increased even more!
“Guh, ugh!”
And the man finally showed an opening.
Unable to withstand Emi’s fierce onslaught, he finally lost his posture.
Unable to completely kill the momentum of Emi’s fist, he staggered, fell from his waist onto the stone pavement, and his movement stopped for a moment.
“Impossible… That martial art is! You, where on earth did you…!?”
“RYAAAAHHHH!!!”
The panicked man was shouting something, but she didn’t care about that!
Emi unleashed a【Magic Strike】with all her might, aiming at the man!
She slammed her fist with the force of a meteor!
ZGAAAHHH!!!
With a roaring sound, Emi’s fist blew away the stone pavement of the highway, forming a crater.
However, the man’s corpse wasn’t left there.
It wasn’t that it had disappeared due to the impact without even leaving a lump of flesh.
There was no feeling of impact.
Just before Emi’s fist reached the man, his body had certainly “suddenly vanished.”
In other words.
<He must be the owner of some kind of abnormal ability. Specifically, he has a teleportation-type ability.>
At Extra-sama’s analysis, Emi clicked her tongue.
If that was correct, it was quite a troublesome ability.
Countermeasures were essential.
“Chiwawawaaaa!!!”
“Gyagaaahhh!!!”
However, Emi was never given the time to calmly analyze the man’s ability and come up with countermeasures!
The next ones to attack her were two monsters.
One was an Assault Chiwanwan.
It leaped out through the gaps between the trees in the winter forest and approached Emi with swift movements.
And the other was a small green dragon.
Although small, that was in terms of green dragons, and its body length easily exceeded the average height of an adult man.
That green dragon glided straight towards Emi from the sky in the opposite direction of the Assault Chiwanwan.
It was clearly a trained combination!
“Hmph!!”
However, Emi had【Black Arms】.
Emi fiercely punched the Assault Chiwanwan with the【Black Arms】extending from her right shoulder, turning it into a lump of flesh, and grabbed and crushed the body of the small green dragon with the【Black Arms】extending from her left shoulder.
Gyun!
Gyun!
Gyun!
It was at that moment.
From three directions around Emi, something small charged towards her at super high speed!
“Tei!!”
Two of them were crushed by her hands that moved in a flash.
And the remaining one, she strengthened her【Body Strengthening】and willingly took it with her chest around her heart.
Bashan!
“Guh…!!”
Blood splatters.
Emi felt pain and unintentionally groaned.
But that blood splatter wasn’t Emi’s.
It was the blood that scattered when the thing that collided with Emi lost against her strengthened body and burst open, dying.
What on earth had collided with her?
When she opened her left and right hands, what lay dead there were Bulletpeeps, small birds with heads covered in rock-like tissue.
【Master】
Appeared in Arc 3.
An old man who skillfully used numerous magic power manipulation techniques and martial arts.
Emi doesn’t know, but it seems he was once a legendary assassin called the “Grim Reaper of Ashgo.”
【Assault Chiwanwan】
Appeared in Arcs 11 and 12.
A grotesque monster with a cute Chihuahua-like face and a terrifyingly massive body.
【Green Dragon】
Appeared in Arc 11.
A dragon species known for its particularly ferocious nature.
【Bulletpeep】
Appeared in Arc 7.
A fearsome charging and slaughtering small bird that mainly inhabits demon realms such as the Kaise Forest.