(White-Rimmed) Revenge 02:18
* * *
(Finally, this moment has come…!)
Ambitious, hiding in the shadows and peeking at the Second Plaza, grinned.
The last traitor, Death Pope, had just been dismembered by the monster in front of him, fallen to the ground, and died.
The monster, on the other hand, was also now gravely injured, lying on her back.
(Now, it’s time for revenge…!)
He lost everything because of that monster.
His useful pawns.
The organization he had painstakingly built.
…And even his pride as an assassin.
After all, that monster is a trauma for Ambitious.
Ever since that day when his pawns were slaughtered, he’s been afraid of bushes.
Terrified of the shadows of rocks.
Because that monster might be lurking there.
There’s no way he can properly do his job as an assassin in that state.
(I’ll kill you here and now… overcome my fear. And start over… everything!!)
“Uuu… uooooh… oooh OOOOH…!”
Ambitious, determined to defeat the monster, started groaning, suppressing his voice.
And then, his slender body gradually began to swell.
His muscles bulged, threatening to rip his jacket, and then… his hands and face, not covered by his clothes… were covered with white fur, the same color as his hair.
And even his skeletal structure began to deform. His snout protruded forward, his fangs grew, and the shape and position of his ears changed dramatically.
This is his trump card, 【Battle Beast Transformation】!
It’s a bloodline-derived special ability that transforms him into a werewolf form, multiplying his physical abilities tenfold, in exchange for debilitating fatigue after the effect wears off!
Ambitious will never let his guard down again.
The monster is certainly gravely injured.
But so what?
She’s a monster.
The next moment, she might suddenly molt, let out a shriek, and jump at him.
He doesn’t know what she’ll do.
That’s why he’ll kill her with all his might.
“Uuuuuu…!”
Ambitious, groaning, emerged from the shadows and started walking towards the monster lying in the Second Plaza.
Hanging from his chest is the magic tool ‘Unfairy’.
In his left hand, he’s holding the ‘Ability Sealing Bell’.
Both of them were taken from Church Bell.
Let me say it again.
Ambitious is not letting his guard down.
Against a gravely injured opponent.
He’s using his trump card.
And to make sure, he’s also sealing her special ability.
There’s nothing more he can do!
He can definitely… kill her!
Ring!
Ambitious rang the ‘Ability Sealing Bell’ loudly!
Immediately, the jet-black armor covering the monster’s body turned into haze and dissolved into the air!
Because of the sound, the monster seems to have finally noticed him… but he doesn’t care!
(Your life… ends here…!)
Ambitious approached the monster and raised his large right hand, covered in fur and sharp claws, high in the air.
(And my… new challenge begins…!)
To swing it down and kill the monster!
But, however!
…It was at that moment!!
“Uwaaaaaaaaaah!?”
Ambitious, transformed into a werewolf, his hearing sharpened.
Such a ridiculous scream reached his ears!
“…Huh!?”
Ambitious reflexively turned towards the direction of the voice.
And what he saw was…
…A dirty old man, falling from the sky towards him with incredible speed!!
…That old man’s name is Maqueterra Lotten.
A former viscount, a mage.
The man who was flying around in the sky, using flight magic to escape from the super giant beetle Destroy Bunbun.
That old man was falling towards him!
Because, unfortunately for Maqueterra.
And unfortunately for Ambitious.
…Fortunately for Emi.
Maqueterra, who was flying around in the air.
Had entered the effective range of the ‘Ability Sealing Bell’ that Ambitious had just rung.
The ‘Ability Sealing Bell’ seals not only special abilities, but also the use of magic!
Therefore, Maqueterra suddenly lost the ability to use flight magic in midair.
And without knowing what was happening, he fell towards the ground.
And at the point of his fall, Ambitious happened to be standing there, with his right hand raised…
““NOOOOOOOOOOOOH!?””
The two of them collided and rolled on the cobblestones!!