The Wall of Myth Obstructing Running Away
* * *
I am moving at a tremendous pace through the sea of grass that is about as tall as me, at times pushing through it and at times hopping.
I feel like that woman is screaming something behind me, but I’m ignoring it, ignoring it.
I hate that woman now!
I’ve come to hate her!
I’m running away from home!
To do that, I run, dash, leap!
Before that woman regains her composure and seriously starts chasing after me, I’m going to disappear and get away!
The ground under my feet that was flat gradually starts to slope, and black boulders start rolling around me.
I have arrived at the hills surrounding that woman’s mansion.
I dash up that hill, whose incline gets steeper as I approach the summit, in one go!
Ta, ta, tan!
I kick, kick, kick off the boulders poking out of the grass!
Having climbed up that slope in no time, I put strength into my legs on the last boulder and activate 【Grasshopper】.
I tried to jump over the ridge of this hill in one breath.
Boom!!
Jumping high into the air while smashing the boulder under my feet.
The scenery on the other side, which I couldn’t see until now because of the hill, spreads out in my view.
Seeing that, I unintentionally.
“…Huh?”
Let out a stupid voice.
<W-What is this!?>
Extra-sama is also flustered.
That’s to be expected.
The sight that fills my entire view is… a vast ocean with white waves.
The footing that I had assumed would continue even beyond the hill suddenly ends, and there is a cliff where seabirds nest.
That cliff stretches far to the left and right of my view, and uh, what, in other words.
This place, it was an island!?
I didn’t notice because the distance to the mansion was far and the sea breeze didn’t reach!
<T-This is bad, Emi! At this rate, you’ll fall headfirst into the sea! For you, even if you fall from a high altitude, there won’t be any damage, but aimlessly swimming to reach an unknown land afterwards is indeed reckless!>
O-Okay!
For now, let’s land!
I, who was about to be thrown towards the sea with the momentum of my jump, fluster in the air, wondering what to do.
That’s right, 【Black Arms】!
I’ll extend my 【Black Arms】, grab the ground, and pull my body towards it!
I hurriedly untie my 【Black Arms】 that I had wrapped around my neck like a scarf until then and try to extend them towards a boulder rolling near the edge of the cliff.
But, however!
“Mmngh!?”
That didn’t happen.
Because before I could extend my 【Black Arms】.
I collided with some kind of invisible “transparent wall” in midair, lost my momentum, and fell towards the edge of the cliff.
“Gah…!!”
First sliding along the “transparent wall” and then falling headfirst, I land on a boulder at the edge of the cliff.
“Ugh…”
Having completely sunk into the boulder in a spread-eagle position, I forcibly peel my face and body off from there and hop to regain my posture.
And I touch what is probably towering in front of me, the “transparent wall”.
There is definitely a wall there.
A wall with a strange sensation, neither warm nor cold.
It’s invisible to the eyes, but for some reason, I can’t pass through it.
However, judging from the fact that the scent of the tide reaches from the sea, the wind seems to pass through without issue.
This is…
“It’s a barrier, you know.”
Suddenly hearing a voice from behind, I turn around while clicking my tongue.
Standing there was, of course, Lairine.
With a troubled expression, she’s smiling wryly.
“Moreover, it’s a masterpiece created in the era of myths by… the progenitor of the holy maidens… a rare master of barriers. It’s so intricate that you can’t even feel the presence of magical power, right?”
Hearing that, I try activating 【Magic Perception】, but… it’s certainly as she says.
I could see the barrier at Sara-chan’s house with 【Magic Perception】 before, but this “transparent wall” is different.
I can’t see anything.
In my view, there is only a vast ocean that continues endlessly.
“…Why is there a barrier? To protect the mansion?”
“Ufufu, that’s not it, you know? It’s the opposite, the opposite.”
Lairine answers while waving her finger at the question that unintentionally slipped out of my mouth.
She looks very happy.
Is it because she can converse with me?
Disgusting.
“…What do you mean by the opposite? What does that mean?”
“It means exactly that… This barrier, you see? It was created to prevent a certain existence sealed deep underground on this island from escaping to the outside!”
Lairine said such a thing while putting her hands on her hips, sticking out her chest, and arrogantly sniffing.
Sealed deep underground?
A certain existence?
To prevent it from escaping?
What is this woman saying?
In other words, what does that mean?
“What on earth is this island…?”
As I ask while tilting my head slightly, Lairine winks playfully and returns an answer.
“…This is the ‘Sealed Island’… Sealed Island Vera Kenu.”
Whoosh!
An exceptionally strong sea breeze blows up from below the cliff, swaying our hair.
Lairine waits for the wind to stop, then slowly and clearly continues her words.
“The island where an ancient… ‘calamity’ sleeps.”