Assault. 16:35
* * *
“OAAAAAHHH!!!”
With bloodshot eyes, letting out a beastly scream that could no longer be described, the giant woman runs!
While scattering blood from her right arm that was crushed into a pulp by【Black Arms】earlier, but not seeming to mind that at all, she approaches Emi with her intact left arm at the ready!
Due to her huge body, her steps are very large.
In no time, the distance between Emi and the giant woman shortens.
“……”
Emi instantly judged the situation and began to move.
She leaped forward with a hop.
Not to create distance from the giant woman, but to deliberately close in.
And she slipped under her feet.
“Aaaahh!!?”
The giant woman, momentarily losing sight of Emi, became flustered.
That momentary distraction was fatal.
From under the giant woman’s feet, Emi punched her from below using【Black Arms】!
The force was so tremendous that the giant woman’s body, over 3 meters tall and super heavy, floated in the air due to the impact of the punch.
“Ah, gah, aaaaahhh!!!”
The giant woman frantically struggled while dancing in the air.
No matter how extraordinary her body was.
No matter how huge her muscles were.
If her feet weren’t on the ground, she couldn’t unleash her violence!
On the other hand, Emi leaped again and distanced herself from the giant woman dancing in the air.
Emi had already grasped that her【Black Arms】had enough power to fully defeat that giant woman.
But if so, why didn’t she finish her off with a single blow? It was because she feared some kind of suicidal attack.
The giant woman looked desperate no matter how you looked at it.
Even though she clearly understood that her violence wouldn’t reach Emi, she still confronted Emi.
Emi had three predictions for the reason.
The first prediction was that the giant woman wasn’t thinking about anything.
It was the possibility that she challenged Emi to a fight, following her fighting instincts, even though she knew somewhere in her heart that she couldn’t win.
And the second prediction was that she was aiming for a suicidal self-destruction attack.
She might be hiding something like a bomb in that loincloth, trying to kill Emi along with her own life.
Because she made that prediction, Emi wanted to kill the giant woman from a slightly distant position.
That’s why Emi made the giant woman float and then created distance.
“……”
Emi readied her【Black Arms】again.
She was still in the process of mastering the operation of this【Black Arms】.
She couldn’t make fine movements.
She could only make large swings.
But to punch a big target dancing in the air with all her might.
To that extent, even the current Emi could do it!
“RYAAAAAHHHH!!!”
Emi shouted and unleashed the clenched fist of her【Black Arms】with all her might towards the giant woman dancing in the air!
The【Black Arms】approached the giant woman at a speed like a cannon ball!
“Oh”
While dancing in the air, the giant woman!
“Ah”
Twisted her mouth in frustration!
“Aaaah”
Opened her bloodshot eyes wide!
“AAAAAAAAAHHHH”
Let out a beastly scream!
“AAAH–”
…And died, blown away by the direct hit of【Black Arms】!
DONN!!
Making a tremendous sound, destroying the stone pavement, the giant woman’s corpse rolled along the highway.
Emi watched it with a calm gaze.
There was no sign of an explosion.
In other words.
The third prediction was probably correct.
Namely.
That giant woman was.
A decoy.
The next moment!
A thud was heard from behind Emi.
“……”
When Emi slowly turned around, what was lying there was the figure of a middle-aged man with a large scar on his forehead and an unkempt beard, neatly cut in two at the torso and rolling on the ground.
“Impossible… Why, no way, this ability is…”
Moving his mouth, the middle-aged man expressed his surprise despite being on the verge of death.
Judging from his tone, he seemed to be able to guess what had been done to him.
He had been cut in two by the【Magic Slash Thread】that Emi had deployed behind her back as a trap, anticipating the sneak attack of this middle-aged man who she had assumed had a teleportation ability.
【Magic Slash Thread】was originally an ability used by the leader of a certain cult.
This man might have been acquainted with the original user of this ability.
“And… the way you take your stance, your posture… just like the ‘Grim Reaper of Ashgo’… who on earth are you…”
The man died while muttering such things that were incomprehensible to Emi until the end.
After confirming that the man’s heartbeat had stopped and magic power leakage could no longer be detected, Emi glanced around.
“……”
No killing intent.
Emi wasn’t particularly good at sensing the presence of prey or enemies, but at least now, there didn’t seem to be any more enemies who would attack her here.
There was no wind.
There was no sound.
The setting sun, which had almost sunk beyond the horizon, illuminated the surroundings with its final glow.
The shattered stone pavement, the pools of blood, the rolling things that had been alive, and Emi.
Now, this world.
Everything was simply golden.
Arc 13, complete!! (Just kidding)
【Black Arms】
Acquired in Arc 12.
Created based on the ability of a certain great sinner.
It is pitch black, occasionally surfacing a rusty red color.
In other words, it is the same color as Emi’s soul.
【Magic Slash Thread】
Acquired in Arc 3.
Stolen by watching the ability of a certain cult leader.
A terrifying ability that slices the opponent with invisible threads of magic power.
It is often used as a medium-range attack or a trap, but it may not work against strong opponents.