The Romance of the Silver-Haired Siblings
* * *
This is a side story related to Arc 6 and Arc 15.
“Then, to our coincidental reunion… cheers!”
“…Cheers.”
The high-pitched sound of clinking glasses echoed through the calm atmosphere of the bar, illuminated by orange magic lamps.
This is a tavern.
Rather than a bustling pub, it’s a stylish bar with a certain air of refinement.
Drinking at the counter of such an establishment are two picturesque silver-haired people, both with beautiful features.
“…Ahh, this is quite delicious. I have high hopes for the food too… Miss, could I order one of these ‘Calesna’s Warm Salads’?”
The one who said that and ordered the dish from the waitress is a well-dressed person with silver hair braided and flowing down their back.
Tall and slender.
Long legs.
A slim body clad in a well-tailored jacket and slacks.
An urban and sophisticated look.
Their features are also handsome, truly dashing.
Being smiled at by such a person, the waitress blushed bright red.
“P-Please wait a moment.”
And after giving an awkward smile, she hurriedly moved to deliver the order to the kitchen.
“Wait.”
But the other half stopped her.
He also has beautiful silver hair, but his is short.
Compared to the previous person, his face is slightly more youthful, but his narrow eyes hold a strong will, giving a sense of the intensity unique to the strong.
He’s dressed like an adventurer, with a cloak and leather armor.
But by no means crude, anyone who sees it would be amazed by the high defensive power and costliness of his equipment.
And his features are also handsome.
If the previous person is the “stylish older brother”, then this one is the “mischievous younger brother”.
(B-Both are equally handsome! Handsome brothers! Are they handsome brothers!?)
The waitress was very excited.
“I’ll have the ‘Topopolock’s Special Meatballs’, ‘Tezonka Potato Fries’, ‘Shrimp Fry’, and another ‘Anomukomu Juice’.”
“Yes, understood!”
(Kyaaaa! Cute! His order is cute! The fact that he’s ordering all the dishes a child would order is so cute! Even though his body has grown up, the fact that his taste preferences haven’t fully matured yet is super cute!)
The waitress, while squealing in her mind, finally walked towards the kitchen this time.
“…Pfft, hahaha! What’s with that, Kamasse? Your favorite foods haven’t changed since you were a kid?”
“Shut up, Leseida. The important thing for an adventurer when it comes to meals is to properly obtain the energy to move their body. Then, do you know what the one thing to avoid is? It’s leaving the food you’re served! If that results in an energy shortage and you can’t exert strength in a fight against monsters, that would be a problem, right? Therefore, ordering dishes that you know for sure are delicious is a highly efficient strategy, and you have no right to criticize my strategy!”
“Hahaha… Is that so? But as your family, let me give you some advice. Eat more vegetables.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
“And you’re not drinking alcohol? You’re old enough to drink now, right?”
“I don’t drink because it dulls my judgment. Some adventurers, like that gold-colored old man, drink like idiots, but I don’t understand the point of drinking that much. There might be various reasons, but as for that gold-colored old man I just mentioned, I’m sure he’s just an idiot.”
Leseida and Kamasse.
Those are the names of these two silver-haired individuals.
They are blood-related, but both left home at a young age and are independent.
One is an archaeologist, the other an adventurer.
Both are busy traveling all over the place and rarely return home, so although they’ve heard rumors about each other over the past few years, they haven’t had a chance to sit down and eat together face to face.
But today.
By chance.
Truly by coincidence, they ran into each other on the street.
In that case, it’s only natural to have a meal together.
The two enjoyed their long-awaited casual conversation while savoring the dishes brought to them.
* * *
“…So, Kamasse… how have you been lately?”
Now, after a while.
Leseida, who had consumed a fair amount of alcohol and whose cheeks were slightly flushed, suddenly asked Kamasse that question.
“Lately…? I’ve just reached 2nd rank, and soon…”
“No, no! I’m not asking about your accomplishments as an adventurer… You know, do you… have a girlfriend?”
Leseida asked her younger brother with a grin.
Hearing that, Kamasse made an obviously troubled face.
“…I don’t.”
“Whaaaat, really? But even with my biased view as family, you seem like you’d be popular with girls! And yet, you don’t have a girlfriend? Even I get squealed at by girls quite a bit, you know?”
“It can’t be helped if you’re popular with girls…”
“So, so, how is it? Do you really not have a girlfriend? Ah! Don’t tell me, you got married in secret without telling your family!?”
“There’s no way…”
Here, Leseida’s expression suddenly vanished.
“Hey, you. You haven’t made any girls cry, have you? You haven’t gotten them pregnant and then abandoned them, have you?”
“Why would I do that!? I-In the first place, I don’t have a girlfriend! I’ve been hit on quite a bit, but…”
“So you have. And yet you didn’t date them?”
“I didn’t.”
“Why?”
“…………”
Kamasse fell silent here.
Gazing at the Anomukomu Juice swirling in his glass, he had a lonely look in his eyes, his cheeks slightly flushed…
Seeing that expression, Leseida.
(Ah, this guy… might be in a bit of a troublesome, warped situation.)
Realized that.
“…Hey Leseida, what about you?”
After a few dozen seconds of silence, Kamasse drank his juice and, instead of answering the question about himself, asked Leseida in return.
“Huh?”
“Don’t ‘huh’ me. Before asking about others, answer about yourself. I’m asking if you have a boyfriend or something!”
The waitress from earlier, who happened to overhear that question as she passed by behind them, was confused!
(‘Boyfriend’!? What do you mean ‘boyfriend’!? Don’t tell me, that person… likes the same gender…!? No, but, if that’s the case…!?)
Well, putting that waitress aside.
“Boyfriend… boyfriend, huh… No, I don’t… But there is someone I like.”
Leseida… also gazed at the alcohol swirling in her glass, her already flushed cheeks turning even redder…
“Oh? What kind of person are they? A scholar?”
“No… an adventurer…”
“Ooohhh?”
Seeing Leseida’s maiden-like expression, which he had never seen even when they lived at home, Kamasse became interested in the other person.
After all, this Leseida had always been the type to care about other people’s love lives, but never showed any interest in such things himself.
Leseida is in love.
What kind of person are they?
Of course, he’s curious.
“Hey, Kamasse… there’s something I want to ask.”
Here.
With a determined air, Leseida looked straight at Kamasse.
“What is it? Ask me anything.”
“What do you think… about a woman nearing 30…”
“Yeah.”
“Falling in love with a boy around 10 years old…?”
“”…………””
Silence flows between the two.
Kamasse stared intently into the eyes of his sister, who was staring into his eyes.
Is it because of the alcohol?
Somehow… her eyes seem… steady…
“Well, I wonder…”
“What do you think?”
I feel some tremendous… pressure.
It’s a bit… scary…
“What do you think?”
“…………”
Kamasse pondered.
In reality, what is it like?
We’re not nobles or anything.
I think love should be free.
But.
However.
For example, if a 30-year-old man truly falls in love with a 10-year-old girl.
And if the girl also truly loves the man.
Would society in general accept that love?
No, but.
For example, if it’s a 40-year-old and a 20-year-old, they’re both adults, so that would probably be accepted.
But the information presented now is a 30-year-old and a 10-year-old…
Umm…
“What do you think?”
“…I don’t know.”
In the end, that was Kamasse’s answer for now.
“I’m… still immature…”
Saying that, Kamasse exhaled deeply, deeply.
And shook his head.
The orange magic lamp continues to emit a warm light, illuminating the glasses.
Clink.
The ice melted and slid inside the glass, making that sound.
“…So, what do you think?”
“Hey, why don’t we head back to the inn!?”
Unfortunately, the night is still long.
Hang in there, Kamasse.
TL Note: I’m calling the police