【Small Mouse Flying In The Sky】It’s Okay
* * *
The glass spreading out in front of the cockpit of the Small Mouse, piloted by Takataka.
The figure of the flying Sky Kingdom of Neverfall, visible through that glass, was gradually growing larger.
The Sky Kingdom of Neverfall… its lower half is hemispherical.
Countless giant square rocks, so large that it’s hard to believe they were cut by human hands, are lined up without any gaps, forming that shape.
And although not everything is visible, hidden behind the outer wall, there’s flat ground on top of that hemisphere, where the townscape of Neverfall’s upper class citizens spreads out.
The most prominent among them is, of course, Neverfall Royal Palace, the heart of the country where the royal family resides… where Air is being held captive, in its basement… the destination of Takataka and the others.
The shining white palace, like a fusion of several sharply pointed towers, is gigantic yet elegant, demonstrating the majesty of the Sky Kingdom to all below.
And when viewing this Sky Kingdom from the outside, the next thing that catches the eye is probably the giant composite magic artillery called ‘All-Directional Rotary Battery “Sun”’.
This historical magical weapon, used to defend the Sky Kingdom since ancient times, is made of heavy iron frames, in the shape of a thin, circular plate standing upright.
Countless gun turrets, large enough for people to man, are installed at equal intervals on the rim of that plate… and they continuously rotate clockwise, firing at the enemies of the Sky Kingdom.
Incidentally, the name ‘Sun’ comes from the fact that the assembled, exposed iron frames resemble the shape of the sun.
There is also another defensive weapon of the Sky Kingdom that has been used since ancient times, the ‘High-Speed Mobile Magic Battery “Snake”’.
On the outer wall surrounding the Sky Kingdom, rails that undulate like waves are laid, and magic batteries move along those rails at high speed.
This allows the Sky Kingdom to attack enemies from all directions, without any blind spots.
The name ‘Snake’ comes from the shape of the undulating rails.
Not only do they undulate, but in some places, they even make a full vertical circle. There are various theories as to why they have such a wasteful shape, instead of being straight… and there’s still debate among archaeologists… but that aside…
‘Sun’, ‘Snake’… and the security airships belonging to the Sky Kingdom Air Force, patrolling the outer wall of the Sky Kingdom…
All of them are elements of a familiar landscape that he often sees when delivering vegetables.
But now, to Takataka, they’re incredibly terrifying.
The Mice Tribe boy, his face pale, trembled slightly… and gulped.
“It’s okay.”
But someone patted his head lightly, through his pilot cap, with a large hand.
Turning around, it was Yuuhi.
The red-skinned man… with two horns growing from his forehead… the strongest bodyguard…
Takataka’s ‘fighting’ master.
“It’s okay.”
He’s patting Takataka’s head, grinning with his fierce face.
He doesn’t say much.
But…
“Thank you… Master.”
Takataka clearly understood his feelings!
Takataka closed his eyes, took a deep breath… and then, scolded his trembling heart.
He is a Small Mouse.
But he’s not a cowardly, timid Small Mouse.
He’s a brave and proud Small Mouse!
“Alright…! We’ll join the fresh food transport route from the fourth residential plateau, ‘Farm Four’! It’ll be a bit bumpy, so please stay seated!”
Takataka, having renewed his resolve, glared at the Sky Kingdom, and gave his instructions.
“Roger that! Then we’ll ascend!”
Gishi, the green-skinned old man, skillfully operated the Small Mouse.
The Small Mouse gently rose from the sea of fog, and the crew felt a pressure on their bodies.
“Turning starboard!”
But Takataka is used to this.
Unfazed by the pressure that comes with the ship’s ascent, he turned the steering wheel.
The Small Mouse slowly changed course, exposing its left side to the Sky Kingdom’s magic batteries. Pretending to be a harmless and innocent, just a dilapidated small cargo ship, slowly advancing towards the third landing platform.
“It’s okay… it’s okay! Air, wait for me…!”
Takataka’s hands gripping the helm tightly, muttering in a small voice.
Were no longer trembling.
* * *
However, there was something that continued to cast a still, cold gaze towards the Small Mouse.
It’s the countless surveillance cameras embedded in the outer wall of the Sky Kingdom of Neverfall…
The Small Mouse had already been caught by the Sky Kingdom Air Force, which also has a deep connection with Takataka!
The lenses of the surveillance cameras on the outer wall… the ‘Angel’s Eyes’.
Bathed in sunlight… shone coldly.