【Beautiful Girl Detective Akashiterika!】The Nigyakka Grand Market Snack Theft Case 2
* * *
“That damn brat! Stealing food from the stall of the great Tsukeer Trading Company!”
The unshaven Borooberry stall owner shouted, his eyes bloodshot, spitting as he spoke, waved his hands exaggeratedly, stomping his feet.
It was as if he was speaking for the benefit of the onlookers, who were keeping their distance and observing.
“And what’s more… and what’s more, a cursed child!?”
And then, pointing at the girl with black hair and black eyes, he held his head, his face turning pale.
“What am I supposed to do!? I can’t sell Borooberries that a cursed child has touched! It’s bad luck! The curse will spread!”
And then the man tearfully stared at his merchandise—the boxes filled with Borooberries.
Those Borooberries have a more vivid blue color than usual… a cultivar that Akashiterika is very familiar with.
These Borooberries have a very strong fragrance.
A refreshing, sweet scent, incongruous with the tense atmosphere, spread throughout the area.
“I’ll have to discard all the remaining Borooberries!”
Finally, the man collapsed on all fours, and started banging on the ground tearfully.
He’s wailing as if it’s the end of the world!
“Mommy, that man is so pitiful.”
“Stealing is unforgivable.”
“I’ve never seen a cursed child before.”
“Creepy…”
“A thief… Aren’t you going to call the police?”
The onlookers, pitying the Borooberry stall owner, gave the cursed child, standing frozen before him, looks filled with disgust and contempt.
The intense hostility of the crowd pierced the cursed child.
However, amidst all that—
“I didn’t do it.”
The girl insisted.
Her expression unchanging.
But her voice is tinged… with resignation.
“I… didn’t steal anything.”
She said that clearly!
“Haaaaーーー!? What are you talking about!? Don’t you lieーーー!!”
The unshaven Borooberry stall owner, hearing that, jumped to his feet, and started raging again!
“Excuses? How pathetic…”
“Get that cursed child out of this market!”
“It’s disgusting!”
The onlookers also started blaming the cursed child!
The discrimination and prejudice against black hair and black eyes in this world is incredibly deep-rooted!
At this rate, it wouldn’t be surprising if that girl is… severely mistreated by the frenzied crowd!
And it was at that moment!
“…………!!”
An old… ‘past memory’… resurfaced in Akashiterika’s mind.
It was a square room.
There were lots of desks lined up.
Boys and girls, wearing the same clothes, are gathered, studying… That kind of place.
And there, ‘she’—
Was always… unjustly blamed.
Unjustly subjected to violence.
But no one noticed the injustice.
Even Akashiterika… for some reason, whenever ‘she’ was being mistreated, she didn’t even feel that it was unjust.
She didn’t even feel any guilt.
But every now and then, she’d realize how abnormal it was—
And it would feel disgusting, terrifying.
But even those feelings… would quickly become unclear, as if shrouded in mist.
…That kind of memory.
Akashiterika made a vow.
That she would never tolerate that kind of injustice again.
Akashiterika has to atone.
By saving… the many people who suffer from injustice!
That is her mission in this life!
“Hold it right there!”
The next moment, Akashiterika shouted that, jumped, leaped over the heads of the surrounding crowd, and landed before the unshaven Borooberry stall owner, and the girl with black hair and black eyes!
And she quickly scanned the area!
The state of the Borooberry box, from which the fruit was supposedly stolen.
The face of the unshaven Borooberry stall owner.
And… the face of the girl with black hair and black eyes.
Just from that… Akashiterika’s brilliant mind saw through the truth of this incident!
All that’s left… is to make them acknowledge it!
“Hey, hey, hey!? Who are you!?”
The stall owner, taken aback by the sudden interruption, asked that, flustered!
“I was waiting for you to ask that!”
Akashiterika nodded emphatically!
“I am… the envoy of justice, who will not tolerate injustice!”
And she raised both hands high in the air!
“And the seeker of truth… who never overlooks wrongdoing!”
And then she spun around once, and then stopped, striking a pose, her hand on her chin!
“My… my… name… isーーー…”
Changing her poses, moving her arms and legs briskly… and finally!
“The Beautiful Girl Detective! Akashiterika!!”
She declared her name, boldly striking a pose with her arms crossed!