【Beautiful Girl Detective Akashiterika!】The Old Imperial City Frozend Museum Murder Case 8
* * *
When the silver light enveloping her faded, Akashiterika was still there.
But her aura… was completely different.
An intense presence… an overwhelming pressure.
A dignified demeanor, like a ruler.
She’s just standing there, with her arms crossed, and yet… Jimmyyak desperately suppressed the urge to bow his head.
“BUSHUUUUUU!”
But Steel Index doesn’t stop!
This ancient weapon, after the intense light subsided, and it could see its target again, thrust its giant spear with all its might toward the girl, still faintly glowing with a silver light!
“Ah! That’s dangerous!”
“Dodge it!”
The conscious police officers screamed!
But…
Akashiterika didn’t try to run away from the spear.
She smiled, and then—
“【The Emperor’s Toe Kicks the Ball to the Heavens】!!”
She swung her right leg up at an incredible speed!
And while backflipping, she kicked the tip of the giant spear, about to impale her, with all her might!
“BUSHUUUUUU!?”
GAGOON!!
Steel Index’s spear was forced to change its vector, with a loud sound.
The attack of the ancient weapon, with its immense mass, was deflected upwards by the small girl!
Steel Index, losing its balance, staggered, scattering steam, and took a few steps back!
“Jimmyyak-san!”
Here.
Akashiterika, glaring at the dumbfounded Jimmyyak, called out to him.
“Looking down on others because of their lineage, hurting them for selfish reasons, spreading injustice! I, Akashiterika Superbad, will never forgive you!”
It was a declaration of judgment.
“Even if you’re a descendant of a great noble, you’re a criminal who committed murder! Surrender peacefully, and accept the judgment of the law!”
Those were words of denial, from the very existence that Jimmyyak, based on his ideology, should respect and prioritize above all else!
“L-Lies… That’s a lie!”
Jimmyyak, in response, suddenly started shouting.
Bewilderment, despair, anger, fear… a jumble of emotions, with nowhere to go… he stomped on the floor—DON, DON—to vent them, and somehow managed to organize his thoughts and utter meaningful words!
“You… being a member of the imperial family… That’s a lie, right!? Why would a member of the imperial family work as a detective!?”
“That’s a foolish question. I’m a detective before I’m a member of the imperial family. I’m just living the way my soul dictates.”
Akashiterika, snorting at Jimmyyak, who was shouting, his face pale, puffed out her chest proudly.
The way her soul dictates.
That’s a reason that no one… not even Akashiterika herself… can fully understand.
“Then why hide your noble lineage!?”
And then Jimmyyak, blurted out that question.
He’s not thinking clearly right now.
That’s why he just said what came to mind.
“There are several reasons.”
Akashiterika smiled and answered.
“For example, ‘Because it’s troublesome to have people like you approach me’. I told you, didn’t I? Our family is very troubled by you people.”
“A-AH… AAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!”
As a result… he heard it.
The words he didn’t want to hear the most.
Jimmyyak desperately covered his ears, trying to drown out those words with a loud voice, and…
“NO! The imperial family, MY imperial family, would never say such things!!”
…But he still heard those words, and he denied them, shaking his head wildly!
“A member of the imperial family who denies me… such a thing shouldn’t exist! Someone who heard the words of such an imperial family member… shouldn’t exist either! Keke… Kekekekeke!”
And then Jimmyyak started laughing creepily, his shoulders shaking!
And extending his right index finger towards the ceiling, spinning it around…
“Steeeeel Indeex! KILL THEM ALL! KILL EVERYONE HERE RIGHT NOW!!!”
He gave that merciless order!
“BUSHUUUUUU!”
Steel Index, flickering its red, eye-like lights, “perfectly, and accurately, understood every single word” of that order!
And readying the giant spear it was holding, to start with…
It swung the spear at Jimmyyak, who was standing closest!
“GUGEEEEEH!?”
A completely unexpected attack!
Jimmyyak, unable to dodge, was blown away like a pebble… His head crashed into the wall, his upper body completely embedded, and he slumped down, motionless.
…Jimmyyak ordered Steel Index to ‘kill everyone here right now’.
He should have added ‘except for me’.
“BUSHUUUUUU!”
Now, Steel Index, having successfully neutralized the first human, turned towards the being that currently poses the biggest threat to carrying out its order, its heavy footsteps echoing—GASHAN, GASHAN.
It’s the girl, shining silver—Akashiterika!
“I will protect. I will defeat you.”
Akashiterika, her arms crossed, looked up at the giant Steel Index.
There’s no fear in her expression.
Determination, and resolve.
Her expression tightened… and fighting spirit burned in her eyes!
“BUSHUUUUUU!”
“HAAAAAAAAH!”
And then, the next moment!
Steel Index and Akashiterika… the two facing each other!
Started running… almost simultaneously, towards each other!
【Silver light】
The light emitted by someone drawing out the power of a divine jewel.
In this story, besides Akashiterika, the giant barnacle also shone silver, in Arc 16.
However, unlike the barnacle, with the exception of the one who was influenced by the strange mirror, the emperors generally ruled justly… so the Superbad Jeweled Crown doesn’t have any strange mind-altering effects.