Victory
* * *
Astonishment.
That was the only word for it.
Of course, I was well aware of Emi’s exceptional aptitude for magical manipulation.
And the abnormal speed of her growth.
After all, I have been with Emi since her birth, spending all this time together.
But even then,
To discover and master a new technique on the spot, and to defeat the enemy with it.
Normally, ordinary talent cannot achieve such a feat.
Truly impressive…
“Your” soul,
Even as it was torn to shreds and scattered,
Remains strong, beautiful, and fierce!
Its dark brilliance continues to captivate me without end!!
* * *
The bald man, noticing old man number two’s fall with a thud, widens his eyes in astonishment.
Master tries to take advantage of this opening to attack,
“……!”
But it doesn’t go smoothly.
A slashing attack suddenly occurs at his feet, forcing Master to retreat. It’s a restraint by 【Magic Slash Thread】.
“Priest Ogad…!? You brat, what the hell did you…!?”
The bald man is confused and panicking.
I, still on one knee, catch my breath and grab some soil from the ground.
…Master and the bald man are a bad match.
That’s what the bald man himself blurted out earlier.
Indeed, that might be true.
Given Master’s combat style, which seems to specialize in close combat, it’s difficult for him, regardless of the gap in strength, to attack the bald man.
Having been held hostage and continuously observing their fight, I think so too.
And, I also think this:
…The bald man and I are a good match.
I hurl an impromptu pebble, created with 【Solidification】, at the bald man using 【Stone Throw】.
While the bald man is wary of Master, he has no choice but to respond to my 【Stone Throw】.
He swirls 【Magic Slash Thread】 around his body, forming a spherical shape.
It’s a defensive barrier that slices through anything that approaches.
I’ve seen him use it several times while fighting Master.
The barrier, instantly deployed, is probably a defensive reflex the bald man performs unconsciously.
The speed of its deployment is admirable from my perspective, especially since I’m out of breath from producing a single 【Magic Slash Thread】.
But this time, that’s actually a bad move!
The pebble I launched, even though it’s solidified, doesn’t have the strength to withstand the bald man’s 【Magic Slash Thread】.
It’s sliced in half.
However, the momentum of the split pebble doesn’t stop!
One half hits the bald man’s forehead, causing a wound.
Exactly!
The bald man’s 【Magic Slash Thread】 can’t stop the momentum of the incoming pebble!
My 【Stone Throw】 can’t be stopped!
“Ugh…!?”
The bald man groans as he realizes the situation is bad, but it’s already too late.
You were done for the moment you set me free!
Two, three, four, five…!
I continue to dig up soil from the ground with both arms and keep up the 【Stone Throw】!
I throw at a rate of one per second!
【Infinite Pebbles】!
As long as my feet are on the ground, I won’t run out of ammo!
“Ugh, gaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh!! Don’t get cocky, brat!!”
The bald man, covered in wounds and drenched in blood, extends his 【Magic Slash Thread】 towards me, attempting to attack…but alas.
I can see it perfectly!
I deftly avoid it and resume my 【Infinite Pebbles】 with 【Stone Throw】.
“Impossible! Impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible impossible Aaaaahhhhhhhhh!?”
【Magic Slash Thread】 is indeed an assassination technique suited for surprise attacks, difficult to avoid for anyone who doesn’t have Master’s level of intuitive power or my ability to see magic.
Probably, the bald man, with this unique technique capable of surprise attacks, has defeated many strong opponents.
And he became overconfident in that power.
Relying entirely on the power of 【Magic Slash Thread】…for the bald man, the power of the “Invisible Slash.”
Believing there was no one who could defeat his “special ability”…that arrogance is what will kill you.
“Ugh, ugh, ugh! Don’t underestimate meeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!”
Fearing that he would be worn down just by the damage from 【Stone Throw】, the bald man strengthens his 【Body Strengthening】.
His defense increases, making my 【Stone Throw】 damage ineffective.
“Ha, hahaha! Unfortunately…for you! Your rapid advance ends here!”
Yes, that’s right.
This is as far as I can go.
Indeed, the difference in strength between a 6-year-old me and an experienced fighter like the bald man is too great.
If the bald man focuses his magic on 【Body Strengthening】 and decides to engage in close combat with me, I would be crushed instantly.
If this were a one-on-one fight.
“Ga…!?”
For the bald man, the magic used for 【Magic Slash Thread】 and 【Body Strengthening】 is a trade-off.
If he strengthens his 【Body Strengthening】 to protect himself from my 【Stone Throw】, it’s natural that the power and control of 【Magic Slash Thread】 would decrease.
And Master wouldn’t miss that opening.
Master’s right arm is protruding from the bald man’s chest.
While his attention was on me, Master must have circled to his back and used 【Mantis】 to pierce his heart.
The power to pierce through the bald man’s 【Body Strengthening】 without hesitation is nothing short of incredible.
“Ah, ah… Alogoros, lord…”
Muttering the name of the god he worships, the bald man collapses to the ground.
We won.