【Small Mouse Flying In The Sky】Stop!
* * *
“I-It’s coming into view, Takataka! ‘Farm One’!”
Meanwhile, in the control room.
Air exclaimed, confirming the external footage displayed on the monitor.
As she said, what’s displayed there is a circular plateau, protruding from the vast Sea of Fog.
In other words, the first residential plateau, ‘Farm One’.
‘Farm One’ is the largest plateau under the Sky Kingdom’s rule, with most of its area occupied by ranches raising Mekena, livestock animals raised for meat.
The people live in a donut-shaped city, built on the outer perimeter of the circular plateau… the land that borders the Sea of Fog, which also serves as a fence to prevent the Mekena from falling into the Sea of Fog.
Takataka’s aim is to have the Sky Kingdom fly over that city and make an emergency landing in the vast ranch.
“Course, good… Altitude, good!”
Takataka, gripping the steering wheel, quickly checked the Sky Kingdom’s flight status, breathed a sigh of relief, and smiled.
After all, this flying country is in a terrible state.
The functional decline, triggered by the energy tank explosion, is still continuing.
BOOOM…
Dododododo…
Even now, a small explosion occurred somewhere in the distance, and the debris that was blown away disappeared, as if being sucked into the blue mist of the Sea of Fog.
Combined with the fuel shortage, they’re really cutting it close, as to whether they can even reach ‘Farm One’.
The reason Takataka is currently holding the steering wheel is because the autopilot has malfunctioned.
But the plateau, their destination, is now within sight.
Although the situation still hasn’t been resolved, it’s understandable that Takataka is relieved at this point.
“Alright, Air. We’re going to fire the booster at the front of the outer wall, to brake. Can you pull the number three control rod towards you?”
“Got it!”
After confirming that the Sky Kingdom had flown over the city on the outer perimeter of the plateau, Takataka instructed Air.
The Sky Kingdom emergency landing operation is now entering its final phase.
The lives of all the people on this kingdom depend on their piloting.
Air tightened her lips, stood in front of the control device with a serious expression… grasped the number three control rod with both of her small hands, and pulled it towards her body.
And then, at that moment!
BOOOM!
An unpleasant sound echoed.
“Eh!?”
Air froze.
And then, an error message popped up on the monitor.
Takataka checked its contents… and involuntarily shouted!
“E-Eeeeh!? Number three booster… malfunction!? It’s—it’s not activating at a time like thiiis!?”
“Wh-What’s going on!? Is it my fault!?”
Air, panicking, turned around and asked Takataka with a tearful face.
“It’s not your fault, Air! It’s just bad luck, the thing we needed malfunctioned at the worst possible timing!”
Takataka frantically fiddled with the control device, trying to recover as much as possible.
“But if the booster is malfunctioning, that means the brakes won’t work, and—“
“And!?”
“If things stay like this… we might not be able to stop after landing… and we’ll smash through the outer city, beyond the pasture, and then… straight into the bottom of the Sea of Fog…!?”
“Eeeeeeeeeh!?”
It was as Takataka voiced his worst prediction, and Air screamed…
ZUGAA!!
GAGAGAGAGAGAGAGAGAGAGAGA!!
…That the Sky Kingdom of Neverfall finally began its emergency landing… on the grasslands of ‘Farm One’!
““Waaaaaaaaah!?””
Takataka and Air, unable to withstand the intense vibrations, fell on their bottoms!
“Kuh!!”
Ijokis, holding the still unconscious King Sekiran, could only desperately cling to a nearby machine!
“Nn… G-Gugugu…”
Among them, Takataka was the first to move.
He crawled towards the steering wheel, grabbed it, and tried to adjust their course.
He’s trying to turn the wheel towards the direction where they can glide the longest, using his enhanced computational power from the mysterious light!
“Gugugugugu…!!”
But the steering wheel… is stiff!
It’s different from when they were flying!
Takataka sweated, gritted his teeth… and desperately held onto the steering wheel.
And then!
He suddenly felt something warm standing beside him.
Turning his head to the side, he saw Air standing there.
She’s looking at Takataka with a serious expression, and then she smiled, and said…
“…I’m sure… it’ll be okay… We’ve come this far!”
“…Yeah!”
Takataka, encouraged by Air’s smile, tightened his grip on the steering wheel and glared at the monitor!
Air, standing next to Takataka as if to support him, also gripped the steering wheel, and stared at the monitor!
And from her back, without her even noticing… beautiful wings spread out.
They’re still small… but white and beautiful—like her heart, angel wings.
““Stoooooop!!!””
The Mouse beastman boy and the angel girl.
They shouted in unison!
The divine aura overflowing from the boy, and the angel mana overflowing from the girl, began to dye the control room golden…!!
* * *
Now, here…
Although things are getting exciting…
There’s one thing I’d like you to think about.
Where did Emi go?
The answer is clear, if you look at the round hole opened in a corner of the control room.
The moment she heard Takataka and the others talking about ‘the brakes not working’ and stuff…
While Takataka and the others were desperately trying to control the aircraft, she slipped out of Neverfall, through the escape route she had prepared beforehand.
…………She ran away?
No, that’s not right.
* * *
Emi, having jumped out of Neverfall, was gliding through the air with her 【Black Wings】, and reached the grasslands of ‘Farm One’.
“…………”
And then, landing on the grasslands, flapping her jet-black wings, Emi casually turned around.
ZUGAA!!
GAGAGAGAGAGAGAGAGAGAGAGA!!
Before her eyes, the giant Sky Kingdom of Neverfall, scraped its body on the ground with a roar, heading straight towards her.
“…………”
Emi, seeing that, wasn’t fazed at all, and made her 【Black Wings】 disappear.
And instead, she…
Deployed her giant arms, also jet-black and terrifying in shape… in other words, her 【Black Arms】, and…
Lowered her hips.
Firmly planted her feet on the ground.
Emitting a wicked haze from the joints of her armor, dyeing her surroundings jet-black.
…She shouted!
“…I’LL STOP YOU!!!”