The Upper Echelons of the Pokkeroce Kingdom are in Turmoil
* * *
“An Adventurer’s Guild branch…… in the Zamago Forest……?”
This is a dimly lit room somewhere in the royal capital of Sairesike in the Pokkeroce Kingdom.
The streaks of light faintly shining through the gaps in the curtains illuminate the wavering of the smoldering cigarette smoke.
“Nonsense…… That place is the territory of the green dragons. A branch office in such a forest?”
“It’s a fact. I received a report from Viscount Eunocanan and sent my own people as well. Apparently, they’ve built quite a splendid road and base.”
“The Adventurer’s Guild, doing as they please……”
“Now, wait a minute, fool. Don’t get so worked up. They’re developing it for us, aren’t they? We can just take over that foundation later, right?”
“Hahaha…… You’re quite the jokester. Do you intend to make an enemy of the Adventurer’s Guild? What will you do if they suspend the Adventurer’s Guild functions within the country? Can you even imagine how much loss that would cause?”
In this room of an unknown location are several men.
It’s dimly lit, and their faces are hidden in darkness and smoke, but in fact, they are all major nobles of the Pokkeroce Kingdom.
The politics of Pokkeroce move within this darkness and smoke.
“Realistically speaking, just trading with that new branch office will bring us sufficient profits. Therefore, it would be wise not to think of anything unnecessary.”
“But why build it in the forest…… They could have built it in the territory of some viscount in our country.”
“We didn’t negotiate enough with the Adventurer’s Guild.”
What they are talking about is the base in the Zamago Forest built by Emi and the others…… and the new branch office to be established there.
According to reports, the branch office is protected by quite a splendid defensive wall, and the road through the forest is also well-maintained.
The Pokkeroce Kingdom wasn’t even aware that such things were being built.
If it had taken a long time and involved many people, information would have naturally leaked out.
Since that’s not the case, the branch office must have been developed in a fairly short period of time and with a small number of people.
How in the world did they manage to do that?
Rather than the frustration of being outdone, such questions began to occupy most of the discussion. At that time…
“But actually, this story…… doesn’t end there.”
“……What did you say?”
“It seems that ‘great sinner’ is somehow…… involved in the establishment of that branch office.”
“What!?”
“Nonsense!?”
“That can’t be!?”
A bombshell had been dropped.
“You’re saying…… that Giovanno, that unprecedented great villain, is alive……!?”
Even they, who rarely get agitated, were surprised by this news.
The unprecedented great villain, Giovanno Ack Toh.
They had thought that disposable trash had already died in the wilderness, but somehow he had stubbornly survived.
“How did he survive in the demon realm? He shouldn’t have the power to fight monsters, right?”
“Could it be that the Adventurer’s Guild helped him?”
“Huh? They would have no merit in doing that.”
“Wait, calm down! It’s not a problem how he survived. The problem is that a great sinner who has wronged the country is still alive and well!”
“Indeed! The god of justice, Lyasta-sama, would not allow such a thing!”
The voices of several of the men grew louder.
And they began cursing the great sinner quite rapidly.
However, the other men were cold in their attitude.
“But that great sinner has already been punished. With the punishment of exile. We can’t lay a hand on him any further.”
“What are you saying! Leaving a great sinner unchecked is not right in the head!”
“He was exiled to the forest ‘by His Majesty’s grace.’ You want to capture and behead him because he’s alive? Do you want to disgrace His Majesty?”
“Ugh…… But!”
“……You all seem to want to dispose of him at all costs. Is there some inconvenience if he’s alive?”
“The people will not be satisfied!”
“Indeed! The administration of the country must be carried out in accordance with justice!”
“Then you should return the gifts you gave him.”
With those words, the men who had been excitedly shouting about justice were rendered speechless.
“You all dumped quite a lot of things on him, didn’t you? If you’re going to tout justice, have them returned. And immediately face Lyasta-sama’s judgment.”
‘Lyasta-sama’s judgment’ refers to the judgment after death.
“Anyway, we can no longer lay a hand on him regarding that matter. There’s no merit in doing so either.”
“But it’s a fact that the people won’t be satisfied. If it becomes known that he’s alive, there may be those who act out of righteous indignation without our knowledge.”
“That’s also a headache. We don’t know his standing in that branch office. We don’t know in what capacity he’s been welcomed by the Adventurer’s Guild.”
“If, hypothetically, some unfortunate accident were to occur…… depending on the nature of the accident, we don’t know what the Adventurer’s Guild might say to us.”
“You’re right. We mustn’t underestimate them.”
“In the end, it means we should refrain from interfering with both the branch office and the great sinner, right?”
“What a…… vexing matter……”
That’s what it came down to.
For now, even though his existence has been recognized by the upper echelons of the Pokkeroce Kingdom, the possibility of Giovanno’s life being threatened has been greatly reduced.
But, however.
There was someone who was not satisfied with that.
Who was it?
……It was not a metaphor or anything, but an existence residing in the heavens.
In other words, a god.
The men hidden in darkness and smoke……
Who in the world are they……?
Even the author has no idea…… (Hey!)