Emi Taken Hostage
* * *
<…We’ve been careless.>
Yeah, you’re right, Extra-sama.
We were careless. So, so careless.
Right now, I’m being restrained by a man in a black robe, a knife pressed against my neck and one arm twisted behind my back.
“……Founder.”
The man restraining me calls out to the bald old man confronting my master.
…Founder?
“What is it, Priest Ogad?”
The bald old man, called the founder, replies in a calm voice.
But the calmness is only in his voice.
An incredible killing intent is emanating from his body.
That’s dangerous.
I’m not on the same level as Master, but I definitely can’t win against him now.
I can tell the difference in strength just by looking.
“We’ve captured a suspicious young girl. What shall we do?”
The second old man holding me…apparently his name is Ogad, responds like that.
This second old man is oddly out of breath and a bit creepy.
“…………”
Master looks worriedly at me, his face twisting with concern.
The bald founder didn’t miss that.
“Black hair, black eyes. I see, I see… Come to think of it, you were like that too, weren’t you? Is she your granddaughter?”
“…………”
Master doesn’t respond.
But the intensity of the 【Intimidation】 he releases increases significantly.
“……Ha! Ha-ha-ha! Did I hit the mark? So, she is your granddaughter!”
The bald man sweats under Master’s 【Intimidation】, but keeps a smile on his face.
No, I’m his disciple, not his granddaughter!
But, having not had a decent family in my previous life either, Master is the first real “family” I’ve ever had, so being treated as a “granddaughter” is kind of nice.
<Is this really the time to be feeling good about that!?>
No, it’s not, sorry.
“……Come with us, ‘The Purple Dual Rings.’ This is a divine command. …Are you okay with whatever happens to your granddaughter?”
The bald man grins smugly, triumphantly telling Master that.
…This is the worst.
I’m being taken hostage, aren’t I?
Geez! How did it come to this!?
What’s even happening!?
And who is that bald guy!?
Founder? Priest? Divine command? Some religious group?
And “come with us” means what? Religious recruitment?
Taking a hostage for religious recruitment, what a novel religious group!
What kind of cult is this!? I definitely don’t want to join!
<“The Purple Dual Rings”… Ah! I remember now, Emi! It came up briefly in one of those recent isekai broadcasts we watched!>
Really, Extra-sama!?
<Yes! It’s a cult of assassins who worship the Death God Alogoros!>
This is way more cultish than I thought!!!
“……Is that a request?”
Ignoring my confusion, after a long silence, Master questioned the bald man.
“A request!? How many times must I tell you! This is a divine command! You have been chosen as the guide for our Miko of Slaughter, by our revered god, the Death God Alogoros! There is no choice for you! You must fulfill this divine command!!”
The bald man shouted hysterically, spitting as he spoke.
His manner, insisting that Master must obey because the god decrees it, was that of a true zealot.
However, Master silenced the shrilly annoying bald man with a single word.
“Show it!!”
At the sudden shout that resonated through the air, the bald man was taken aback into silence.
I was startled too.
“What? What are you saying…”
“I only submit to those who are stronger than myself.”
Saying so, Master slowly raised his fist towards the bald man.
The level of 【Intimidation】 rose even further, creating the illusion of a storm raging around Master.
And then.
“Show me your worth.”
He said.
The commanding presence of Master charged the serene atmosphere with tension.
“….Huh, ha-ha! So, what you’re saying is? If I want you to submit, I should fight you and win, is that it?… Have you forgotten that we have a hostage?”
The bald man, while continuing to sweat, scoffed at Master.
Yes! That’s right, Master!
Me! I’m being taken hostage right now!
Don’t forget about meeee!!
“….Try doing something to her. Your goals will vanish into thin air.”
“!”
Under Master’s glare, the bald man recoiled.
Oh…!
By declaring that harming me would ensure his non-compliance, he instantly nullified the advantage of having a hostage!
<No, no, no! But what if such provocation causes him to lash out!? What then!?>
Well, that’s a point, but!
…Ow! Hey, second old man! Stop putting more force on the arm you’re twisting!
Ouch ouch ouch ouch…!
Ahhhh! Enough already!
Somehow!
Can’t you somehow save me, Master!?
And then, Master turned his gaze towards me.
A strong, determined look.
……………………!!!
<Emi…? What’s wrong?>
…It’s a challenge.
<Huh?>
“Ha…hahaha! Very well, I understand! After all, that was our intention from the beginning! To subdue you by force! To show that I am of much greater worth to our revered god than you could ever be!”
After giving his command to the second old man, the bald man took a unique stance, like that of a conductor.
The killing intent between Master and the bald man clashed, and the space around them creaked and groaned.
“This is also a chance for me! To show our revered god that I am a being of far greater value than you are!”
The bald man discarded the mask of a smile he had been wearing, his eyes wide as he glared at Master.
His resolution set, the cold sweat he had been exuding had already dried.
“Come then, let’s have at it! …I shall subdue you!”
With those words, the battle between Master and the bald man began!