(Cursed Child) The Poster Girl of the Flower Shop in the Royal Capital
* * *
The royal capital of Ashgo is a very lively town!
The main street running east from the castle gate is always crowded with people, and the market is bustling!
There was a rumor that magical beings caused some kind of incident a little while ago…… but ordinary citizens don’t know the details.
So the people living in this town today are spending peaceful days as usual, no different from before.
The townscape is also beautiful.
The densely built houses made of gray stone are highly designed, and even the magic lamps installed at equal intervals have a very stylish shape.
However.
Even the lively and stylish atmosphere of such a town changes once you enter a back alley.
It suddenly becomes dimly lit and stuffy.
There are few people passing by.
Recently, there are even scary rumors that suspicious people are kidnapping people.
In other words.
In other words.
A flower shop located in a particularly dimly lit place in a back alley.
There’s no way it can be popular.
Not without any effort!
“………… Alright.”
I rubbed my cheeks roughly and nodded vigorously in front of the handheld signboard that had just been completed.
The words written on the signboard in colorful paint are “Numbri Fresh Flower Shop”.
Numbri Fresh Flower Shop is the name of the flower shop I’m currently freeloading at, and more specifically, Numbri is the name of the grandma who runs this flower shop alone.
After parting with Zaratopu, I came to this royal capital.
On the way, I made a mistake in operating 【Black Wings】 and crashed, but that aside.
Anyway, I was sightseeing in this metropolitan royal capital.
The only city I’ve seen is the town of Serelirin, but this place is ten times bigger than that!
And it’s lively and beautiful!
Moreover, as the village chief said in Panemo Village, the people of this country certainly don’t show much rejection towards black-haired and black-eyed people.
Sure, some people look at me curiously, and there are even people who look at me with disgust.
Still, there is no discrimination such as throwing stones or refusing entry.
It’s an easy town for me to spend time in too.
The fact that quite a few lizards live here and there’s no shortage of snacks is also a high point for me personally.
Even though it’s already autumn, they are still active.
They are always running on the gray stone walls in groups of several.
In such a town, I met Grandma Numbri and am being provided with a bed and meals every day thanks to her kindness.
Well, as for meals, I can’t be satisfied with the amount of food for ordinary people…… so I do hunt every day in the forest spreading on the east side of the royal capital.
Anyway, I’m really indebted to Grandma Numbri.
But it would be inexcusable to just keep receiving favors, right?
So I thought.
A way to repay Grandma.
And I came up with an idea.
That is…… a big campaign to advertise the store!
As I mentioned earlier, Grandma’s flower shop is located in a dimly lit back alley, and the inside of the store is also dimly lit with few flowers.
Even though there are lots of beautiful flowers blooming in the flower bed behind the store, surrounded by buildings!
I guess it’s also because Grandma is getting old and tired, but there aren’t many flowers displayed in the store because customers don’t come.
Anyway, it’s an unmotivated store.
But isn’t it a waste to have a store and leave it like that?
Isn’t it lonely!
And Grandma also looks somewhat lonely!
So, I decided to advertise this flower shop and attract more customers.
Then, the inside of the store will become lively too, and maybe Grandma Numbri will cheer up a bit?
Now that I’m here as a workforce, we can handle customers too!
So, in other words.
In order to advertise Numbri Fresh Flower Shop, I made a signboard that I can hold up and walk around with.
It’s called a placard.
Using this signboard, I’ll keep attracting customers!
With the preparations done, I immediately dashed out of the store’s warehouse with the signboard in hand, passed through the deserted store interior, and jumped out from the entrance into the back alley.
Grandma wasn’t in the store.
Did she go out?
Or is she taking care of the flowers in the flower bed?
Well, either way is fine.
Now, let’s find people to attract!
<But will it be okay, Emi? You’ve never advertised before, right? Will you be able to do it well?>
Here, Extra-sama spoke to me.
Extra-sama worries too much.
It’ll be fine, it’ll go well.
Because I’m strong.
<I received the most idiotic answer, and somehow my anxiety has doubled.>
And I’m a beautiful girl.
My current outfit is a normal skirt with an apron, a small bag slung over my shoulder to hold important items, and a triangle headband wrapped around my head, in a flower shop girl style.
It’s a bit embarrassing to say it myself, but it’s quite cute.
Is there anyone who wouldn’t be happy to be called out to by such a beautiful girl poster girl?
If there is, I’ll kill them.
<I won’t deny that you’re a beautiful girl…… well, just do what you can. But please don’t get hurt even if it doesn’t go well, okay?>
Hahaha, Extra-sama is overprotective!
Anyway, let’s depart, let’s depart!
I started walking through the back alley towards the main street, holding up the signboard.
【Emi】
The protagonist, and her current real name is Emi Rune.
She is a peerlessly beautiful girl, but has an expressionless face.
The circumstances are slightly different in Ashgo, but because of her black hair and black eyes, she is generally scorned as a “cursed child” in this world.
Contrary to her facial muscles that don’t move a bit, her inner self is quite rich in emotions.
Inside her heart, lightheartedness and severity, goodwill and malice, cuteness and hideousness coexist.
She is basically selfish and doesn’t hesitate to hurt others for her own purposes.
Although she is the protagonist, she is a dangerous person who can never be an ethical role model.
But she is a girl who is living her life earnestly.