【Tales of the Gods 26】Snow Falling on the Deep Seabed
* * *
Kagaribi mentioned an ‘Earth-like world’ in the .
In other words, Hikari and the others’ world is an Earth-“like” world, so although there are similarities to our world, there are also many differences.
There are several differences in place names, history, etc., and the myths and legends passed down are quite different from the ones we know.
Please understand.
‘Snow Falling on the Deep Seabed’.
The moment that name came out of Takanami’s mouth, Hikari, Kagaribi, and Yoiyami all forced their bodies to move, and hurriedly prostrated themselves.
There’s no god in this world who doesn’t know that name.
After all…
“Hmm? Do you know my face? Have we met before?”
“No… but to possess such power, so far removed from ours… is impossible for anyone other than the ‘Five Pillars of Creation’!”
“Ehehe! I see, I see, you’re smart. I like quick-witted children. Because it means the conversation will end quickly… Alright, everyone, you can raise your heads.”
…Yes, ‘Snow Falling on the Deep Seabed’ is one of the ‘Five Pillars of Creation’, the gods who created this world.
These ‘Five Pillars of Creation’ usually continue their important work of maintaining the world at the center of this world… and Hikari had heard that even the chief god of this country, who manages Hikari and Takanami, has never met them.
Truly, a god of gods.
It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that they’re such existences.
(Why… is such a person… here… !?)
Hikari, raising her head as instructed… was dumbfounded, her mouth agape.
Seeing Hikari’s face, ‘Snow Falling on the Deep Seabed’ chuckled.
“‘Why… is such a person… here… !?’”
“!!”
He perfectly repeated the words she had muttered in her mind.
“That’s because I thought I’d help you… Here, a souvenir.”
Saying that, ‘Snow Falling on the Deep Seabed’ also sat around the low table, and casually placed a cloth bag on it.
And then, the cloth opened… revealing what’s inside.
It’s—
A severed head… frozen in an expression of terror!
“!!”
“This is…!”
“Kirisame-sama…!?”
And those around the low table recognized the person… no, the god, whose head was severed!
That god is one of the youma slayers, like Hikari and Takanami… their predecessor, who used to be in charge of their area!
He should have been promoted to a region with stronger youma… after increasing his mana through diligent work, but…!
“Ehehe, this guy… was a traitor. The reason this incident went unnoticed for so long… is because this god… this idiot, was cooperating with those from another world.”
‘Snow Falling on the Deep Seabed’, chuckling, resting his chin on his hand, poked Kirisame’s severed head, and said that.
“This guy, not only condoned the soul hunting of those from another world… he brought them in. And he continued to conceal the incident, twisting the truth with his divine power. In return… he received a large amount of mana. Thanks to that, his divinity increased, he became stronger, and got promoted! Ehehe, fufu, hehehe.”
‘Snow Falling on the Deep Seabed’ is chuckling.
No, he’s laughing.
But his gently narrowed eyes… are incredibly cold.
“Is that forgivable? Hey, is that forgivable? To do as they please… with something from ‘my’ world? That’s unforgivable, right?”
And ‘Snow Falling on the Deep Seabed’, muttering that, crushed Kirisame’s severed head with his palm!
And then, strangely… the severed head turned into something like white snow with a soft sound—POOF—and fluttered around the room.
“Alright, so the traitor is dead! Yay, isn’t that great? This greatly reduces the chances of a similar incident happening again! But that’s not the end of it! As that guy in hunting clothes said earlier, we have to negotiate with the gods of another world! They can’t just steal our things and get away with it! Right? Right, Hikari-chan?”
Here.
‘Snow Falling on the Deep Seabed’ suddenly called Hikari’s name.
“Eh…”
“I heard your conversation earlier! Your classmates, from when you were a human, were unjustly killed, their souls harvested, and taken to another world! Is that forgivable? Hey, can you forgive this outrage? Can you forgive it? Or can’t you? Which is it?”
‘Snow Falling on the Deep Seabed’, chuckling, continued to question the bewildered Hikari.
‘Is it forgivable?’, he asks.
“…………”
Hikari’s answer to that question is, of course—
“…Unforgivable.”
“Right?!”
‘Snow Falling on the Deep Seabed’ clapped his hands—PAAN—and cheerfully agreed with Hikari!
“So, normally, negotiations between worlds aren’t something that low-ranking youma slayers like you are entrusted with… but this time, it’s a special case! Hikari-chan! I’ll let you handle this important task! That’s why I came all the way here, to tell you that!”
“!!”
“…As your seniors said earlier, it’s difficult to get the stolen souls back. Because they’re probably already living new lives. But even so… don’t you think ‘it can’t be helped’… is unacceptable?”
“…………”
‘Snow Falling on the Deep Seabed’s’ gentle words, little by little…
“If you just report this to your superiors and leave it at that, this incident… will be resolved by a higher-ranking god you don’t know, according to rules you don’t know, without your involvement, Hikari-chan. You’ll only receive a report on the results. Certainly, that’s the correct procedure. But do you think you’ll be satisfied with that?”
“…No. Even if we get a favorable result… I think… I’ll still feel uneasy.”
Unease piling up in Hikari’s heart.
“Then, what you need to do to get rid of that unease… is probably ‘to try your best’. I’ll take responsibility. So, how about it? Won’t you give this job your all? Let’s try… to create an ending you’ll be satisfied with!”
His gentle words filled her heart.
“…Yes!!”
Before she knew it, Hikari had answered in a loud voice.
The eerie impression she had of ‘Snow Falling on the Deep Seabed’ at first…
Has already vanished!
“…But, ‘Snow Falling on the Deep Seabed’-sama.”
“Ah, that’s long, isn’t it? Everyone calls me Yuki.”
“Yes, Yuki-sama… Why are you helping me? As you said, I’m just a low-ranking youma slayer, and just an apprentice…”
“Ehehe… That’s because…?”
“Because?”
“…It’s a secret!”
Lastly, saying that playfully.
‘Snow Falling on the Deep Seabed’… Yuki, stood up abruptly!
“That’s all for today! I’ll come back when we have more details! See you later!”
And waving his hand, he skipped out of the hermitage… and suddenly disappeared.
All that remained was something white, like snow, fluttering in the air.
Kagaribi and Yoiyami, freed from the pressure after the powerful being left, completely relaxed, and lay down on the spot.
Hikari—
Hikari just stared… at the entrance of the hermitage, where Yuki had left.
At that moment, there was passion in her heart.
Her story, which had been stagnant since she defeated the Great Youma, is finally starting to move again.
She felt that premonition.
“…………”
Takanami, on the other hand—
Was watching his beloved disciple, her eyes burning with passion.
What he felt… contrary to Hikari, was a vague sense of unease.
He doesn’t think ‘Snow Falling on the Deep Seabed’ would harm Hikari, a god of his world.
But.
Even so, for some reason—
The unease nestled in Takanami’s heart wouldn’t disappear.
A breeze, carrying the sweet scent of fruits, blew through the hermitage.
…The fishy smell didn’t disappear.
This concludes the side story.
From the , it’s Arc 25!
Also, the new characters, Kagaribi and Yoiyami, who appeared this time, won’t appear again!
Even if they do, it’ll be minor roles, so you can forget about them!