【Adventurer Mitran】The Sunrise Triangle’s Secret Technique
* * *
““““““SWIIIIII!! HOH HOH HOOO!!””””””
While we were dumbfounded by the large Triangle’s incomprehensible words… in that instant!
The Triangles, maintaining their cavalry formation, surrounded us and started running!
“U-Uwa!?”
“What!?”
The pattern they’re drawing with their footsteps… is a triangle.
The three sides of the drawn triangle glowed ominously red, and even more strangely, red beams of light shot up from the three points connecting each side.
And those three beams of light intersected at a point in the air, forming an apex… and before we knew it, we were trapped… inside an ominous triangular pyramid!
What’s going on!?
“Guh, what’s this red triangular pyramid!?”
“I… feel weak…!”
And that triangular pyramid barrier wasn’t just for show.
Every time the sides of the triangular pyramid flickered ominously… our strength was being drained away!
It’s hard to even stand, and everyone is on one knee, enduring nausea!
What is going on!?
“Hahaha… Surprised? This is our secret technique, 【Pyramid of Exorcism】!”
The large Triangle laughed triumphantly.
What’s going on!?
“This is a binding technique that drains the power of those captured…”
This is terrible!
So we’re in big trouble!
“And it’s also the first step… to correcting your souls into the shape of triangular pyramids.”
What’s going on!?
“Nuuuh… DORYAAAAAH!!”
“S-SWIIIIII!?”
But then!
Harishurap-san, despite the cold sweat, forced himself to stand up… and charged into one of the cavalry formations, still running and drawing triangles!
That cavalry formation lost its balance and fell, and to avoid stepping on them, the other cavalry formations also stopped running!
And then, the light of the red triangular pyramid trapping us… disappeared!
The nausea and weakness subsided, and we could move again!
“N-Now’s our chance!!”
Harishurap-san shouted, while being punched by the Triangles!
We, trying not to miss this golden opportunity, stood up and tried to run… but!
““““““SWIIIIII!! HOH HOH HOOO!!””””””
We’re outnumbered!
We were quickly surrounded by the large number of Triangles, who had disbanded their cavalry formations, and pinned to the ground…!
“Damn heathens! Making us go through all this trouble!”
The large Triangle shouted irritably… and drew the machete hanging from his waist!
And he pointed its tip at Harishurap-san, whose cheek was swollen, and blood was dripping from his mouth!
“I was a fool… to show you mercy… by planning to assimilate you into our ranks by making you work on carving the Golden Pyramid into a triangular pyramid!”
What’s that supposed to mean!?
“But no more… I’ll cut you down here and offer you as sacrifices to our god!!”
Hiiih!?
Shouting that, the large Triangle… raised his machete above his head… and swung it down at Harishurap-san!
That’s dangerous!
Even though I thought that, being pinned down, I couldn’t do anything to save him… and I involuntarily closed my eyes!
…But!
“GUAAAAH!!”
The next moment, a scream echoed through the surroundings!
That… wasn’t Harishurap-san’s familiar voice.
“Eh… !?”
What I saw when I fearfully opened my eyes.
Is…
…A man… standing protectively in front of Harishurap-san.
Taking the large Triangle’s blow to the chest in his place.
That man’s face is hidden by the cloth wrapped around his entire body.
In other words.
…It was the driver… the man who was maneuvering the giant centipede carrying the Sunrise Triangles.