Devour the Vast Ocean! The Marine Battle of Panemo Offshore! 2
* * *
“EBIIII! EBIIII! EBIIIIII!”
Zapaaaahn!
Zapaaaahn!
Zapaaaahn!
In response to Zaratopu charging towards it with tremendous momentum, the giant shrimp swings down its claws over and over again as if throwing a tantrum.
Each time, the sea splits.
Dodging a single blow from the claws itself is not difficult for Zaratopu, who is in a state of excitement, painting over fear with courage.
The problem is the water current.
The seawater flowing into the split sea creates a chaotic flow of water, hindering Zaratopu’s advance.
“EBIIIIII!”
Once again, the giant shrimp swings down its claws and splits the sea.
The valley of seawater that was created is right next to where Zaratopu is swimming.
Immediately, the water current changes and flows violently towards the valley of seawater.
What forms is an improvised giant waterfall!
“Pyuru!?”
And here, has concentration finally begun to wane?
Zaratopu loses its balance and is swallowed by the raging current along with me!
“Gabobo…!”
I desperately cling to Zaratopu’s body, which is being tossed around by the raging current.
Even if I open my eyes in the sea, the surroundings are filled with bubbles and I can’t see through at all!
ZAPAAAAHN!
And before I know it, Zaratopu and I are thrown into the air.
If I quickly look around, this is the valley of seawater created by the giant shrimp……
It seems we were carried to the waterfall by being swallowed by the raging current and thrown out from there.
If we fall to the bottom of the valley of seawater like this, what awaits us is a large amount of seawater falling from above.
Even for the sturdy me, if I take the weight of the sea falling directly on my body, I won’t be able to avoid major damage!
<W-W-W-What should we do!? What should we do, Emi!?>
Extra-sama is in a panic.
“Cough……”
But I can’t laugh at Extra-sama either.
Honestly, I can’t think of a way to escape from here.
Because I’m still expressionless, it may look like I’m calm from an outsider’s perspective, but if my facial muscles were working properly, I would probably be showing a really pathetic face right now.
But.
But, just one creature.
<<<……Anego, it’s alright.>>>
Only this underling was calm!
<<<【Aerial Waterway】!!!>>>
“PYURURURURUUUU!!”
It was when Zaratopu roared particularly loudly!
From the waterfall on the wall of the valley of seawater, seawater flew out into the air like a snake and created a path!
The path of seawater floating in the air swallows me and Zaratopu, and carries us straight towards the giant shrimp!
“Cough…… cough, cough!”
Swallowing seawater again and coughing, I look around to find myself already several meters above the sea.
The waterway stretches as if guiding Zaratopu, stretching and stretching, in a straight line towards the giant shrimp.
“……Amazing.”
I unintentionally let out a voice of admiration at Zaratopu swimming as if flying in the sky.
<W-What tremendous magical power and magical power control ability! What was Zaratopu’s group thinking, bullying it and making it run away!? That’s a huge loss, you know!?>
Eh, Extra-sama, who rarely praises anyone other than me, is praising Zaratopu!?
That’s how incredible what Zaratopu is doing right now is!
<<<He-Hehe…… this is my secret technique. It is said that the Azure Dragon, the ancestor of us Great Sea Serpents, once flew in the sky like this and even crossed continents. Admiring that legend, I had been practicing manipulating water since I was little!…… It’s useless for hunting in the sea, so this technique was also ridiculed by everyone in the group.>>>
Zaratopu’s voice in the 【Telepathy】 sounds strained as it says that.
There’s no doubt that this so-called 【Aerial Waterway】 puts a heavy burden on magical power.
After all, it’s moving such a large amount of seawater.
But sorry, Zaratopu.
I’m relying on you.
“……Zaratopu!!”
<<<Yes!>>>
“Can you swim like this to the top of that shrimp’s head!?”
<<<That was my intention from the start!!>>>
“Then…… go!!”
“Pyururururuuuu!!”
Ah, Zaratopu!
Even though it’s painful, even though it’s suffering!
Still, you, who fight while gritting your teeth, are amazing!
If there’s someone who makes fun of you next time!
I will, that person!
I’ll tear them to pieces and kill them!!
“EBIIIIII!?”
Startled by Zaratopu’s sudden aerial swimming behavior, the giant shrimp hurriedly tries to swing its claws, but it’s too late!
Without waiting for its sluggish movement, Zaratopu’s 【Aerial Waterway】 extends vertically, high into the sky.
“PYURURURURUUUU!!”
Zaratopu climbs that waterway while shouting in pain!
“Pyuruuuuu!!”
Climbs!!
“Pyuru……”
Climbs!!!
……But suddenly, its body loses strength.
It fainted.
It had pushed both its body and magical power to the limit.
It could be said to be a natural result.
Immediately, the waterway floating in the air falls into the sea with a splashing sound, following gravity.
Of course, Zaratopu and I also start falling.
But there’s no problem.
Zaratopu did its job properly.
Where we are now is…… above the giant shrimp’s head!
That’s why the shrimp looks as small as a fist from up here in the sky!
“Aaaaaah……”
Now, Zaratopu, sleep for a bit.
Thank you.
From here on, it’s my job.
I lightly kick Zaratopu’s head, which I had been standing on, and jump towards the giant shrimp directly below.
“Aaaaaah…!”
At the same time, I deploy 【Black Arms】.
I firmly clasp the hardened fists I created as large as possible together as if praying.
What I coat them with is the same kind of magical power as 【Magic Strike】!
The destructive magical power that blows away what it punches!
While I’m at it, let’s give this technique a name too.
This is a hammer.
The 【Black Great Hammer】 that smashes any enemy!!
“AAAAAARAAAAAAAH!!”
Creak creak creak creak creak!!
Sensing danger from me falling headfirst while making a strange sound of space creaking, the giant shrimp struggles to escape from the spot.
However, its overgrown, super-heavy body takes time to move even a little!
In other words…… this match!
We win!!
“E”
The 【Black Great Hammer】 hits the giant shrimp’s head without missing its target.
With a tremendous roar.
It smashes it…… with a crunch!!
ZA…… PAAAAAAHN!!
Unable to even let out a death cry, the giant shrimp collapses onto the sea surface, scattering spray high into the sky.
“……Phew.”
Having fallen into the sea a step ahead, I was watching that scene while floating with only my face out of the water.
Zapaaaahn!
Then, a little later, Zaratopu also fell from the sky.
<<<Nu-Nugyaaa!? It hurts!?>>>
It seems Zaratopu woke up from the impact of the fall.
It’s making a pathetic “pyuru pyuru” sound and splashing around in a panic.
“Hey.”
<<<Ah, Anego…… nugyaaa!?>>>
And although it calmed down for a moment when I called out to it, Zaratopu starts panicking again upon seeing the corpse of the giant shrimp floating behind me.
“Calm down, or I’ll kill you.”
<<<Hi-Hieee! What kind of soothing words are those!?>>>
I climb up Zaratopu’s body, which is still wriggling and panicking, and tap its forehead.
Finally, Zaratopu realizes that the giant shrimp in front of it is already dead and regains its composure.
Zaan, zaaan……
Before I knew it, the waves that were so high before the battle had somehow become gentle.
Floating on the sea surface around here, besides us, are the corpses of two marine creatures.
Zaratopu, who had been blankly gazing at that scene for a while, muttered.
<<<We won, didn’t we……>>>
“Yeah.”
I nodded.
<<<Against those demons……>>>
“Yeah.”
I nodded!
<<<We…… won…… we won!!>>>
“Yeah.”
I nodded!!
“PYURURURURUUUU!!”
Zaratopu’s joyful voice echoes across the vast ocean!
“……Oooooooh!!”
Hearing that voice somehow made me happy too, so I thrust both arms towards the sky and let out a cheer!
The sea breeze gently strokes our bodies and passes by.
The sky is deep blue.
The sea stretches on and on, so far that you can’t see the end.
Enveloped in such a peaceful sea scenery, our battle ended like this.
That’s what I thought.
I had let my guard down.
……That was the cause.
I.
“Gah!?”
A sudden attack.
Something that was launched from under the sea, taking advantage of an opening, aiming at my side.
……I couldn’t avoid it.