Learning Magic Slash Thread
* * *
“Ha ha ha ha! Are you just running away!? Is that the extent of your power!?”
The bald man continues to attack Master with the 【Invisible Slash】, now known as 【Magic Slash Thread】, while still laughing uproariously.
Master continues to dodge them with his extraordinary intuitive powers, but the sweat flowing down indicates that his physical strength is being drained. This situation is gradually turning against us.
“Ha, ha… when will it be, when will it be, when will it be… the neck, the neck, I want to cut, want to cut…!”
Old man number two, who is restraining me, is also on the verge of a murderous rampage, his desire to kill escalating.
It seems like, in his mind, killing me has already become the plan.
I thought Master had already said he wouldn’t cooperate if I was killed.
Well, it doesn’t matter.
Because I won’t be killed.
It won’t be my neck that falls.
It’ll be yours.
<But, Emi! You say you’ll learn 【Magic Slash Thread】 easily, but can you really do that right now, in such a critical moment!?>
Whether I can or not isn’t the question, Extra-sama. If I don’t, I’ll die.
First off, I don’t think it’s a hopeless endeavor.
Because, as I’ve seen with 【Magic Perception】, the flow of magical power or the method of manifesting power in 【Magic Slash Thread】 is actually similar to 【Mantis】.
Both techniques involve “cutting with magical power,” so it makes sense.
【Mantis】 coats the hand blade with “cutting” magical power and cuts.
【Magic Slash Thread】 extends “cutting” magical power like a thread and cuts.
As long as I understand how to use “cutting” magical power, all that’s left is to “extend the magical power like a thread” and “manipulate it freely.”
<But, you say it so easily!?>
“Ha, ha, ha…! Neck, neck, neck…!!”
<Yikes!!?>
Since we’re seriously running out of time, I hasten to master it.
Extending the fingers of my right arm, which isn’t twisted up, I gently wrap them in magical power.
Old man number two, on the verge of going berserk, is distracted.
He hasn’t noticed.
And then, bit by bit, I extend the wrapped magical power thinner and longer, longer and thinner…
Here, the technique of 【Intimidation】 I practiced somewhat off-topic comes in handy.
Extending magical power like a thread is similar to extremely directional release of magical power outside the body…
…Ah, I did it.
<Really…!?>
Is this what they call adrenaline-fueled strength?
From the fingertips of my right hand, a “thread” of magical power dangles limply.
Well, it’s thicker than a rope, unlike the bald man’s 【Magic Slash Thread】!
The bald man’s 【Magic Slash Thread】 is really thin like a thread, so that must be where his expertise shows.
Even if he is an enemy, I’ll give him respect for that.
Next.
I try to move the created “thread” around.
It’s difficult.
And incredibly painful.
Trying to move it, my magical power is rapidly consumed.
My head feels like it’s splitting.
Cold sweat breaks out.
“…Uh.”
I desperately swallow the groan about to escape.
…Has he noticed!?
“Ha, ha…!”
Old man number two is still breathing heavily, his eyes bloodshot, torn between his own desire to kill and the cult leader’s orders.
He hasn’t noticed.
………….
…Really, he’s quite composed, isn’t he?
While I’m desperately trying to survive.
What about you, old man number two?
What am I to you?
Just a life you can easily take?
Just a toy to satisfy your disgusting desires, huh?
Don’t underestimate me.
Don’t you dare underestimate me.
You’re dealing with life and death right now.
It’ll cost you, that attitude.
I will survive.
You’re the one who will die.
I pour all the murderous intent, malice, fighting spirit…
All of it into my 【Magic Slash Thread】 along with my magical power.
Move, move, move move move move move move move move move move move move move move!
Sweat trickles down.
My 【Magic Slash Thread】 begins to tremble.
In front of me, Master is dancing.
The bald man’s 【Magic Slash Thread】 attacks Master like a whip.
“…!”
Master’s arm is slashed again, and something red spills out.
The bald man is laughing.
Don’t mess with me, don’t mess with me, don’t mess with me!
What are you doing to someone important to me!
I won’t forgive you, I won’t forgive you!
Neither the bald man nor old man number two, I won’t forgive either of you!
I’ll kill you!
I will kill you!
I’ll kill you!!
Kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill kill… Kill!!!
The next moment.
My 【Magic Slash Thread】, which until then could only tremble,
With a sudden surge, leapt up.
Silently.
Without any resistance.
Swiftly.
It passed through old man number two’s neck.
“Neck…cut…!!?”
That whisper was old man number two’s last words.
With a thud,
Old man number two’s head falls and rolls on the ground.
His eyes are wide open, showing an expression of not understanding what happened.
The light quickly fades from his eyes.
Amidst the vigorously spurting blood.
I involuntarily fall to my knees.
The unfamiliar magic manipulation was performed, and it exhausted me more than expected.
But, well.
It’s still ungraceful.
Training is necessary.
【Magic Slash Thread】, hereby mastered.
…Next.
I lift my face. Glaring.
You’re next, bald man.
Be prepared.