Crush the Mechanical and Grotesque Puppets! 10
* * *
“IGYABARAAAAーーー!!”
The man, who emerged from the dragon’s right shoulder, swung down a super giant large sword, letting out something that sounded like a scream.
Emi, intuitively sensing danger, jumped sideways the moment the large sword was raised towards the sky.
Her intuition was correct, as it turned out. The very next moment, that super giant large sword was slammed against the ground.
…Its enormous mass, combined with its incredible swing speed!
Emi, landing from her side jump, was blown sideways again, rolling on the ground by the intense wind pressure generated from the large sword’s impact.
“GOPOH! GOPOH! GOPOOOーーー!!”
Next to attack Emi was the dragon’s neck.
What the dragon continuously spat out, making a filthy, sob-like sound, were green fireballs, large enough to easily engulf Emi’s body.
They’ll melt her if they hit.
Once again, her intuition warned her of mortal danger.
As Extra-sama screamed, Emi, utilizing the momentum from being blown away by the wind pressure, continued rolling, narrowly dodging the fireballs one after another.
The ground where the fireballs landed instantly melted away, and hemispherical craters continued to be created one after another in the Duke’s mansion garden!
“EJO-HIRA-GIHI-HITE, GUYO-MIKA-EEDO-SHISHIRANE, 【ABOGIJITERARA】.”
And then, the woman who emerged from the dragon’s left shoulder, moved.
The woman, moving her slender and beautifully shaped arms exaggeratedly as if conducting an orchestra, uttered a series of incomprehensible sounds, mimicking a chant.
The next moment.
Emi’s 【Mana Perception】 captured the mana emanating from this monster, spreading across the ground around her.
She instinctively leaped high into the air, and in that instant.
Centered on the spot where Emi had been standing, a circular area with a radius of about 5 meters… froze over, and sharp ice thorns, like swords, sprouted all over!
An imitation of the forbidden ice magic that Demon Lords use!
A terrifying wide-range attack that would have frozen Emi solid if she hadn’t jumped!
“IJOBARIBOOOーーー!!”
And then, towards Emi, floating in the air, unable to move, a horizontal slash from the man on the left shoulder’s large sword!
…There’s no choice but to take it.
Emi, determined, instantly deployed her 【Black Arms】, which she had been holding back on due to their mana consumption, and enveloped herself, like a cocoon.
The large sword accurately struck Emi’s cocoon, which had transformed into a ball.
…And blew it away.
ZUGAGOOOON!!
Emi, blown away, flew across the vast Duke’s mansion garden and crashed into its outer wall.
“Ga, ha…”
The impact was tremendous.
Emi’s 【Black Arms】, along with her jet-black armor, disappeared, turning into black haze, and Emi, back in her flower shop girl appearance, vomited blood, rolled her eyes, and fell from the embedded outer wall onto the lawn of the garden.
Ggggh, ggh, gghhh…
Emi lost consciousness for a few seconds, but she quickly woke up.
Because of the hunger pangs that had begun to torment her, due to her continuous overuse of her body and mana.
It’s a troublesome hunger, but it woke her up.
This time, Emi was grateful for it.
“…………”
Emi lay on her stomach, pretending to be dead, and peeked at the green monster on the other side of the garden.
“HAJAROE-DOYACHIU-USHOBYAGOJOーーー!!”
The monster, still letting out incomprehensible, terrifying screams, hadn’t moved from its previous location, swinging its large sword around, moving its dragon wings and tail.
Does it think Emi is dead?
Or is it not very intelligent?
No battle sense?
She doesn’t know the reason, but it seems like that monster has no intention of attacking Emi.
If it just fired one of those green fireballs it showed earlier, this would be over.
Anyway, this situation was favorable for Emi.
<This is bad… This has become very… troublesome…>
Extra-sama’s weary voice echoed in Emi’s mind.
Emi, secretly eating the grass along with the soil, agreed.
(Indeed. It’s strong.)
<If it was just strong, it wouldn’t be a problem… We could just run away. But…>
But the ‘troublesome’ that Emi feels and the ‘troublesome’ that Extra-sama feels.
Apparently, they’re not the same thing.
(…What do you mean, Extra-sama? Explain it to me.)
<Of course.>
Zuri, zuri, zuri…
Taking advantage of the fact that the green monster wasn’t paying attention, Emi crawled around like an inchworm, continuing to eat grass, urging Extra-sama to speak.
<Then, let me tell you, while we have this opportunity. The horror of the ‘Simulated Soul Mana Siphoning Device, Last Dream’… its true purpose… that jester’s aim.>