【Beautiful Girl Detective Akashiterika!】The Superbad Treasure Theft Case 2
* * *
It’s evening.
The streetlights, starting to emit an orange glow, illuminate the stone city.
Unfortunately, the weather is cloudy.
It might rain tonight.
Akashiterika, riding in a buggy—a carriage pulled by a Powerful Bunbun, a giant beetle—stuck her head out the open window, looked up at the sky, and frowned.
She’s currently on her way to the western district… the so-called old aristocratic district, where the ‘Old Imperial City Frozend Museum’, the victim of the theft, is located… with Emi, and Detective Munodes.
“Hey, Akashiterika, what is the ‘Superbad Treasure’?”
Emi, sitting next to Akashiterika, tilted her head and asked that.
…While munching on a meat bun.
She’s currently holding a bag full of meat buns, which she bought at Food Stall Park before they left, and eating them while riding in the buggy.
The smell of meat buns is filling the buggy.
That’s why Akashiterika silently opened the window earlier.
“Now that you mention it, it’s only natural that you wouldn’t know, being a traveler.”
Akashiterika, realizing that, cleared her throat, and began to explain.
“Ahem… The ‘Superbad Treasure’ refers to several items that are considered to be particularly valuable among the treasures passed down through the Old Superbad Empire’s imperial family and powerful nobles.”
“Simply put, they’re super valuable treasures, Emi-chan!”
Detective Munodes, sitting across from them, smiled kindly, munching on dried Halberd Squid.
This Detective Munodes, having been involved in several cases that Akashiterika solved, also knows Emi.
But perhaps because he’s not very observant, he still hasn’t noticed that Emi has black hair and black eyes.
So he treats Emi like an ordinary girl.
“And the items stolen this time, among the Superbad Treasure… are ‘Teodartes’s Plate’, five ‘Frozend’s Living Dolls’, and… the ‘Superbad Jeweled Crown’.”
“Heehhh!”
The one who let out that exclamation of admiration, her eyes wide, wasn’t Emi… but Detective Munodes, munching on the dried squid.
“No, not ‘Heehhh!’… This investigation report, you’re the one who gave it to me.”
“Ah, sorry! I didn’t read it carefully…”
This Detective Munodes, although he’s a nice person, is quite irresponsible.
But he’s the son of someone important, so he’ll never be fired!
“…………”
Emi was silent, ignoring their exchange.
She stopped munching on her meat bun, deep in thought.
That Emi!
Is actually deep in thought!
To the point of stopping eating!
“Haa… Anyway, this is a serious case. Especially with the ‘Superbad Jeweled Crown’ being stolen. It’s a symbol of the ruler, passed down through generations of emperors… Although it hasn’t been officially recognized due to political reasons, it’s practically a national treasure.”
“Riiiight! It’s trouuuublesome!”
Akashiterika frowned, and Detective Munodes, munching on his dried squid… sighed deeply.
“If I remember correctly, the director of the Old Imperial City Frozend Museum is currently on a trip to the Golden Continent? If he finds out about this… he’ll probably drop everything and fly back…”
And Akashiterika, looking out the window, muttered that.
Actually, that ‘director’ comes from a family that has deep ties to Akashiterika’s family.
Therefore, Akashiterika has known him since she was little, as he took care of her.
Furthermore… he’s someone she’s a little… uncomfortable with.
Akashiterika was slightly relieved that she wouldn’t have to see him and chuckled wryly at the fact that she’s still carrying that childhood aversion.
“Ehhhh? The director is that big old man, riiiight? He’s already baaaack.”
“Huh?”
But that smile vanished from her face at Detective Munodes’ words.
“It seeeems, that his trip was partially cancelled due to a stoooorm or something, and he came back earlieeer. It was also him… who said to call Akashiterika-chan, the great detectiiiive. Because of that, I, who was on vacatiooon today, was dragged out of bed because I’m the one who’s closest to Akashiterika-chaaan… It’s really trouuuublesome, isn’t ittt?”
“I-Is that so… Is that so…”
Akashiterika involuntarily pressed her hand to her forehead, and slumped her shoulders.
Emi is still lost in thought, silent.
Only the creaking of the buggy, and Detective Munodes’ endless complaints, echoed through the carriage.
* * *
Now then, ten minutes later.
Akashiterika and the others arrived at the Old Imperial City Frozend Museum.
“…………”
And Emi, getting out of the buggy, was dumbfounded by the sight that came into her view, through her sunglasses.
This museum was originally the residence of the Marquis Frozend, a noble of the former empire.
It was renovated and is now being used as a museum.
Therefore, it has a stately appearance, full of history… Emi doesn’t know the details, but the gracefully carved columns and arched structures were arranged in a truly complex way, and the building itself could be said to be a work of art.
But it wasn’t the beauty of the museum’s exterior that surprised Emi.
It’s the person.
A man, who looks like a museum employee, dressed in an expensive suit, is kneeling on the ground, motionless like a statue, not caring about the strange looks he’s getting from passersby.
Because he’s looking down, she can’t see his face, but… he’s quite a large man.
From his thinning white hair, slicked back, it’s clear that he’s quite elderly, but… the muscles bulging beneath his suit indicate that he’s still a ‘capable fighter’.
“Haa…”
Akashiterika, the next to get out of the buggy, frowned, and sighed, seeing the man.
“I told you before, didn’t I? Please stop doing this Director…”
“…………”
The person, called ‘Director’, didn’t move an inch, even when Akashiterika called out to him.
Akashiterika, exasperated, scratched her cheek, and sighed again.
“Lift your head. I allow you to answer… Please act normally from now on. I’m begging you.”
After speaking in a slightly old-fashioned manner… she pleaded with the director.
“…I can’t refuse, if you say so.”
The director, saying that, finally stood up.
And then, like a grandfather meeting his granddaughter, he gently lowered his thick, white eyebrows, and smiled.
“It’s been a while, Akashiterika-sama… Twenty years, perhaps? You’ve grown so much…”
“What are you talking about, Director? I haven’t lived that long. It’s been a year since I left home… since I beat you up when you stood in my way, calling it a ‘trial’. Please stop joking around.”
Akashiterika, also unable to help but smile wryly at the director’s smile and joke.
“Now then… hmm.”
The director then glanced at Emi, standing next to Akashiterika.
Emi’s and the director’s eyes met.
In that instant, both assessed each other’s fighting ability.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, terrifying… oh, excuse me, young lady in sunglasses.”
And the director, placing his hand on his chest, bent deeply at the waist, and with a bright smile… gave a polite greeting to Emi as well.
“My name is Rakigataa Frozend… I’m the director of this Old Imperial City Frozend Museum. It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance… gufufu!”