there is a 大問題
* * *
“…………”
The embrace didn’t last long.
Because I felt embarrassed, and pushed Majurog away.
<Emi, be careful. Even though she looks like a busty beauty now, her true nature is that of a dirty old man. He was definitely having impure thoughts while hugging you.>
I ignored Extra-sama, who seemed to be jealous for some reason.
“Now then.”
“What are you going to do now?”
I asked Majurog, who had stood up, without meeting her gaze.
I’m still embarrassed.
My face… isn’t red, I think.
Probably.
Since my face doesn’t seem to have the function of expressing emotions.
“Of course, I’ll start working on the teleportation magic circle right away!”
Majurog, her voice cheerful, walked to the corner of the room.
She opened a wooden box, sandwiched between some unknown machines, and took out a yellow jewel from inside.
“This is a Darkeyalon magic stone. It’s called a Darkeyalon magic stone because it used to be found in abundance upstream of the Darkeyalon River. Well, you can think of it as a smaller version of the giant magic stone in the center of this control room. It seems that they were prepared as power sources for some magic tools. I’ll crush this magic stone, mix it with magic water, and draw the magic circle.”
“Magic water?”
“Water infused with magic power. Fortunately, this room also has a water tank, and water comes out when you turn the faucet. I’ll use that drinking water.”
Majurog, continuing to explain to me, efficiently proceeded with the preparations.
“…What should I do?”
“I’m afraid there’s nothing for you to do.”
“I don’t need to help?”
“…Thank you, Emi-chan.”
Here, Majurog turned around, looked at me, standing idly, and smiled.
“But creating a magic circle requires skill. It’s a task where experience matters. I can’t involve an amateur like you.”
And saying that, she gently refused my help.
Well, that’s fine.
It’s best to leave difficult tasks to the professionals.
I’ll wait patiently, no matter how boring it is.
But… Majurog’s next words—
Were a big problem.
“Therefore… please stay put for at least a month and a half.”
“A month and a half!?”
I involuntarily raised my voice.
Why does it take that long!?
<…Majurog said earlier that she would mix magic stones and magic water, right? It probably takes time for that process. In the Super-Ancient Magic Civilization, it was mass-produced industrially, but now that you mention it, if it’s done manually… it’s not unreasonable for it to take a month and a half…>
Extra-sama calmly gave me a supplementary explanation, but… her voice is trembling.
Because.
Because, you know?
…This is bad, right?
<It’s bad. Very, very bad.>
“I feel bad for making a child bored… but please bear with me.”
Majurog put her hands together cutely, stuck her tongue out slightly, and made a coquettish pleading pose.
No, well.
Putting aside the former dirty old man’s coquettishness.
We’re surrounded by dangerous sludge.
Normally, there’s no reason to object here.
But.
But…!
“…? Emi-chan…?”
Here.
Majurog noticed me… restlessly glancing at “a certain place”.
And Majurog also looked towards where I was looking.
There’s a door.
…The door to the pantry.
“…No way!?”
Perhaps… Majurog realized a certain possibility.
She immediately ran to the pantry!
And opening the door with all her might!
She screamed!
“HAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!?”
That’s!
Because!
The pantry… is almost empty, the food all eaten…!
“Well, I didn’t think… it would take a month and a half to escape…”
I made an excuse, scratching my cheek, towards Majurog, who was trembling at the entrance of the pantry.
Of course, I’m the cause of this disaster.
Because I was hungry while running away from the sludge.
And the preserved food in the pantry was very delicious, with various flavors.
As expected of a god-made facility.
I just… couldn’t stop myself.
<It was delicious, wasn’t it…>
Right?
It was delicious, right…?
“Y-You… ate everything…? I thought there was enough for three months…”
Majurog, trembling, turned her pale face towards me.
“I was hungry…”
No, I’m really sorry.
Me, and the empty pantry.
Seeing Majurog’s dumbfounded look, as she repeatedly shifted her gaze between me and the pantry, I felt incredibly guilty.
But Majurog’s story was also long.
I think it’s only natural to get a little peckish.
Yeah.
Yeah…
“Now that I think about it… while I was talking, you were in the pantry for quite a while… I thought you were choosing what to eat…”
“I don’t choose. If I want to eat it, I eat everything.”
“In… that short amount of time…?”
“I ate everything.”
I answered proudly, puffing out my chest.
I’m good at both speed eating and large-volume eating.
The noodles were instant food that you wait for after adding hot water, so I took them with me and ate them while listening to her story.
By the way, I boiled the water with a magic pot that was in the pantry.
“But your stomach… doesn’t look any bigger…?”
“It’s strange, isn’t it…?”
Majurog, now staring at my stomach, tilted her head.
All the preserved food that was in the pantry is now inside my stomach.
And yet, my body shape hasn’t changed at all, it’s incredibly strange.
I can’t help but tilt my head too.
“Wh-Wh-What are we going to doooo!?”
Majurog, holding her head in her hands, screamed again!
“What should we do…”
I also crossed my arms, and tilted my head…!