Morning Training
* * *
I quickly thrust my right fist out in front of my chest.
A swooshing sound of cutting through the air echoes in the surroundings enveloped by morning mist.
From there, I take one step, two steps forward while thrusting out my left fist, and then again, continuing with my right fist.
Whoosh, whoosh!
Each time I thrust out my fists, gusts of wind are generated, causing the grass and morning mist several meters in front of me to swirl and be torn away.
“…Ha, ha… ha!!”
Lastly, I put my spirit into it and after doing two spinning kicks… a serious right fist!
Zwoah!!
This time, while making a sound I’ve never heard before, not only the grass and morning mist but even the ground gets gouged out a little as a shockwave is generated forward.
“…………”
While observing that scene, I lightly drop my hips, pull back my fists, and take deep breaths.
Inhale.
Exhale.
Stay like that for a while.
The morning mist that was temporarily pushed aside once again clings to my body, cooling my heated body.
After fully inhaling the blue and sweet scent of grass into my chest, I finally do a backflip and relax my stance.
…And that concludes a series of forms I inherited from my master.
<Emi, good work from the morning. It’s been a while since you’ve trained, hasn’t it?>
Thank you, Extra-sama.
It really has been a while.
Since I haven’t done it since coming here… it’s been about a month, right?
When Lairine is here, her gaze is somehow bothersome… so I ended up slacking off for a while.
This kind of thing isn’t good.
<For that, your body moved quite well. If anything, I even feel like your sharpness has increased compared to before.>
That’s right.
Normally, I think this kind of thing would make your abilities steadily decline the more you slack off, but this time there were no such signs.
I wonder why.
<Well… you’ve had a harsh life up until now… even for you, Emi, you were probably getting fatigued without realizing it. This past month has been a good rest, and your body has recovered.>
Is that how it is?
I start moving my body again.
Right fist, left fist, right, right, left.
Right foot, left foot, one spinning kick with the right foot, two, three.
I continue dancing alone in the grassland where no one is around.
The wind gently caresses my cheeks.
The morning mist is being blown away.
Directly in front, today’s sun that has started climbing the pale yellow sky.
On the sparkling grassland, I am alone.
Now, that woman Lairine who is always stuck to me is not here now.
“Emi-chan, I’m sorry… it seems I have to go do work soon…”
Last night at dinner, that woman said that to me while trembling, crying, and stuffing her cheeks with meat.
Well, I think it’s only natural.
She probably hasn’t worked for nearly a month to stay with me.
“I’ll finish work as soon as possible and come back… don’t forget about me!!”
Shouting that at the end, Lairine cried out loudly, smashed through the wall, and ran off somewhere in the mansion.
Maybe she headed to her office or something?
I don’t know.
Anyway, that’s why I’m alone now.
Yesterday, for the first time in a while, I slept alone.
The futon was spacious and comfortable.
Right, left, right, left, right, left, right, left…
While tracing the forms I learned from my master and checking the condition of my body, I gradually increase the speed of those movements.
But there’s still plenty of room.
I have the capacity to think and converse with Extra-sama.
<Hey, Emi.>
Despite being spoken to by Extra-sama, I don’t reply.
It’s not that I’m ignoring her.
While continuing to move my body, I silently urge her to continue.
<…Aren’t you getting bored?>
“…………”
Whoosh!
I stop the movement of my body precisely with my right arm fully extended.
<That woman isn’t here now, you know.>
The wind blows with a whoosh.
Torn blades of grass dance joyfully as they are blown up into the air.
<Can’t we escape?>
“…………”
Hmm…
Right, left, right, right, right…
I start moving my body again while thinking.
Boredom.
Certainly, that’s right.
I’m bored.
This past month, I haven’t left this mansion at all.
I come out to the surrounding grassland like this, but that’s it.
I haven’t gone beyond the hills that surround this grassland.
Lairine is always by my side, and she stops me from trying to go beyond.
I couldn’t go against her in terms of ability, so I silently obeyed, but…
<Let’s escape!>
I see, so I can escape now…
But, well…
<Why do you need to hesitate! That woman is abnormal, you know! Emi, calm down and reflect on the situation you’re in now. Right now, you’re basically imprisoned in this mansion by that crazy woman who suddenly appeared claiming to be your mother, you know? No matter how you think about it, it’s not a healthy situation! That woman doesn’t make sense, and you never know what she might do! Let’s hurry and escape from here, Emi!>
O-Calm down, Extra-sama!
Certainly, I had a vague idea that I’m in a state of light confinement!
<Then let’s escape!>
But you know, it’s true that for this past month, I’ve been provided with delicious meals and a warm bed every day, right?
So I think it would be ungrateful to run away without saying anything.
I think it would be better to properly say “I’m bored, so I want to go somewhere” before going outside.
<This is about that woman who is abnormally obsessed with you, Emi. There’s no way such a request would be accepted. It would only increase the vigilance on you. At worst, there’s even a possibility that your limbs might be torn off so you can’t make unnecessary movements!>
Scary!
That idea is scary, Extra-sama!
And it’s also scary that I can’t completely deny that!
A spinning kick from right to left, spinning kick, spinning kick, followed by a right fist, left fist, right fist, left fist, right, left, right, left… right!!
Even while talking with Extra-sama, my body moves, moves, moves!
My body is really in good condition.
It’s moving so well it feels good.
Rest is a wonderful thing.
Right, left, right, left, right…
Before I knew it, I had abandoned my conversation with Extra-sama and was moving my body single-mindedly.
It feels extremely good.
Before I realized it, the sun had risen high, and the sky was the usual early summer-like blue.
The pleasant wind caresses the sweat slowly oozing out.
I was concentrating.
That’s why I didn’t notice the footsteps approaching me from the mansion.
Gashan!
The sound of glass shattering reached my ears, and I finally came back to my senses.
Turning around, standing there was Lairine.
I wonder if she finished work or snuck out for a break.
Either way, she was standing there.
At her feet, a metal tray and a broken glass cup are rolling around.
She probably brought me a drink and dropped it.
Why did she drop it?
I shift my gaze from her feet to Lairine’s face.
Her expression is blank.
It’s not her usual smiley face.
Wh-What?
What is it?
I can’t help but tilt my head.
I’m simply perplexed.
Whoosh!
The pleasant wind as always sways Lairine’s beautiful golden hair.
In a voice so small it seems it might be drowned out by the sound of the wind, Lairine.
“…I see… I see… I thought Emi-chan’s movements looked familiar somewhere…”
She muttered in a whisper.
“The ‘Grim Reaper,’ huh…”
What?
What do you mean by “Grim Reaper”!?