Roar, Beautiful Girl’s Syllogism!!
* * *
“I’ll repeat, I want to go outside. Because I dislike you.”
With an expressionless face, I calmly tell Lairine that.
“Then, I’ll repeat, I won’t allow that. Because I love you.”
In response, Lairine replies with a strained smile.
“You won’t allow it? Even though you’re a mother?”
“I won’t allow it. Because I’m a mother!”
Currently, the distance between the two of us is very close.
So close that if we reach out our hands, we can immediately hold them.
But even so, the gap between us is deep.
That gap, I have no intention of jumping over to your side!
If you want to compromise, you come over here, Lairine.
I won’t accept anything else.
Because.
“Reason is on my side.”
I’m confident of that.
<Reason, you say?>
“H-Hmm? You know quite difficult words, don’t you? Good girl, good girl.”
Extra-sama and Lairine let out suspicious voices almost simultaneously.
“But what does ‘having reason’ mean, I wonder? Your request, to put it harshly, is the nonsense of a runaway girl, you know?”
After clearing her throat with a cough, Lairine began to speak with a gentle smile.
“On the other hand, I simply ‘love my daughter as a mother.’ This island has the environment where you can spend your days most comfortably and peacefully in this world… I’m confident of that. That’s why I’m trying to keep you on this island. As a mother, it’s only natural to wish for my daughter’s peaceful days, right? Running away is just silly.”
Certainly, there is some truth to Lairine’s words as well.
This world is a dangerous world where monsters roam and bandits are rampant.
Moreover, due to my appearance as a cursed child with black hair and black eyes, I’m frequently exposed to discrimination and malice from people.
Even if it’s an island where Kenu-chan is sleeping underfoot, the days I spend here have been extremely comfortable.
“A mother who loves her daughter and provides her with peaceful days, and a runaway daughter who rebels against that… Between these two, reason is clearly on the mother’s side, don’t you think? Yours is just selfishness.”
But.
…However!
In this battle of reason… I will win!!
<What is a ‘battle of reason’… It’s a concept I’ve never heard of…>
“Lairine, do you know the saying, ‘Let cute kids go on a journey’?”
Looking up at Lairine’s face, I suddenly asked that.
Lairine tilted her head, pondered for a bit, and then clapped her hands.
“Ah, I remember. It’s a saying from another world that a hero spread 800 years ago.”
“Then this will be quick.”
Now, from here on, Lairine!
Listen well, and tremble in fear!
At my theoretical armament!!
“I am a beautiful girl.”
“That’s right.”
“In other words, I am cute.”
“No doubt about it.”
“Therefore, for me, a journey is… destiny.”
“Wha…!?”
That’s right!
It’s self-evident that I am a beautiful girl!
And the fact that I am a beautiful girl means that I am cute!
Furthermore, the fact that I am cute naturally leads to the conclusion that I am destined to go on a journey!
This is the beautiful girl’s syllogism!!
<No, what are you saying!?>
And the fact that this idea is generally accepted as reasonable is evident considering that the saying “Let cute kids go on a journey” has spread both in my previous world and this world!
Going on a journey is the duty of those born as beautiful girls!
That is the reason of this world!!
“<There’s no way that’s true!?>”
Oops, Extra-sama and Lairine synced up.
“You see, Emi-chan… In this case, ‘cute kids’ doesn’t mean whether they’re a beautiful girl or not, but more like ‘beloved children’ or something like that…”
“Lairine, do you not love me?”
I tilt my head slightly, looking up at her.
“Ugh…”
Seeing me like that, Lairine’s face turned bright red, and she held her nose.
And then she suddenly hugged me!
“I love you! I love you so much!! I love Emi-chan the most in this world!! I love you soooo much!!!”
“Then let me go on a journey!!!”
At my shout, Lairine’s body trembled once, and she staggered back one or two steps, separating from me.
“That is… your duty as a mother.”
“My duty as… a mother…”
“Being far away and thinking of the other person. That, too, is a form of love. That is what I wish for from you.”
When I said that, Lairine sat down on the spot with a dumbfounded expression.
Without denying it or rejecting it.
In other words, that reaction meant nothing other than Lairine acknowledging and agreeing with my assertion that she emotionally wanted to deny.
<Well, that may be the case, but… Why did she get swayed by this momentum-only argument… It must have struck a chord with her somehow…>
The wind blows between the two of us.
That wind gently caressed us as if stroking us and carried the scent of grass far away.
Neither Lairine nor I budge an inch.
Only our hair sways softly, blown by the wind.
Several minutes pass in quiet time.
“…I understand.”
Lairine stood up and opened her mouth.
“I understand. I don’t want to understand, but… Somehow, it clicked with me. Emi-chan, what you said. If that’s my duty as a mother, then yes… I’ll swallow my tears and see you off on your journey.”
“Then.”
“But!!”
To me, who was trembling with joy, Lairine pointed her beautiful white index finger and sent a sharp gaze.
“You want to go outside. As a mother, I will respect that wish of yours. However, letting you go outside alone. My anxiety about that. I want you, as my child, to understand that as well.”
“In other words, what should I do?”
“It’s simple.”
She closes her eyes once, takes a deep breath, and exhales.
And then, when she opened those eyes… Lairine’s aura had completely changed.
Golden magical power circulated throughout her body, shining divinely.
The power she stopped suppressing pressured the surrounding space, making creaking sounds.
This was the first time I had seen Lairine like this.
Unintentionally, goosebumps rose all over my body, and cold sweat dripped down.
“I will also get serious.”
Lairine said in a quiet yet well-carrying voice.
“If you really want to go outside, defeat me before you go… I don’t feel like saying such a mean thing. But.”
Whoosh!!
With Lairine at the center, her 【Intimidation】 rages like a storm!
“At least try to land a single blow on me in this state.”
“A single blow…?”
“That’s right. It doesn’t matter if there’s no damage.”
While scattering her 【Intimidation】, Lairine smiled happily.
“I will become a wall. That, too, is my duty… no, rather than that, this is my duty as a parent.”