【Beautiful Girl Detective Akashiterika!】The Superbad Treasure Theft Case 8
* * *
Now, Akashiterika and the others, after leaving the treasure vault, reached the staff room, following Director Rakigataa’s guidance.
Along the way, Emi, for some reason, became incredibly wary of the darkness at the end of the corridor, and clung to Akashiterika, saying it was for protection… but that’s all that happened.
The museum has been temporarily closed since the discovery of the incident, and no one has entered or left.
All the staff are waiting in the staff room.
Therefore, Akashiterika and the others didn’t encounter anyone other than the police officers on guard duty.
“Here we are.”
Director Rakigataa, saying that, quietly opened the sliding door.
“Excuse me.”
Akashiterika, bowing slightly, entered the staff room.
And then, all the staff members’ gazes turned to her.
What those gazes contained… was admiration for Akashiterika’s beauty, bewilderment at the sudden appearance of a mysterious girl… and perhaps fatigue and irritation from being confined in this uncertain situation.
Anyway, it’s clear that not all the emotions directed at her are positive.
But Akashiterika is a beautiful girl detective.
Having been involved in solving numerous cases, she’s naturally used to being stared at rudely, and isn’t intimidated in the slightest.
She walked briskly into the staff room, and looked around.
…This is just an ordinary staff room, with desks arranged in several groups.
Against the wall is a bookshelf filled with documents.
Several files, which couldn’t fit on the shelves, are placed on the floor.
It’s cluttered, but there’s no space to hide anything.
That’s what it’s like.
“Um, Director… who is this young lady?”
Here.
One of the staff members, sitting in their office chairs, stood up, and asked that.
He’s a well-built, middle-aged man, wearing a brown suit.
He has a mustache, and a serious-looking face.
In response to his question, Director Rakigataa nodded, stepped forward, looked around at the staff members, and proudly began to introduce Akashiterika.
“Ah, Gaisha-kun, let me introduce you… gufufu, this is the famous Beautiful Girl Detective, Akashiterika-sama! She’s here to help us solve the Superbad Treasure theft case! As rumored, Akashiterika-sama is a very competent detective, intelligent from a young age, and furthermore, she…”
“Director…”
Akashiterika, her face slightly red, nudged Director Rakigataa, who had started saying unnecessary things, with a look like a grandfather praising his grandchild, and stopped him.
And then, clearing her throat—Ahem—she looked around the room again.
“As I was just introduced… I’m the Beautiful Girl Detective, Akashiterika. I’m here to hear your stories, to solve the case. Thank you for your cooperation.”
Saying that, she took off her hat, and bowed beautifully.
“N-No way… She’s the famous…?”
“Sh-She really called herself a beautiful girl… Well, she is a beautiful girl, though.”
The staff members were surprised by Akashiterika’s self-introduction, and there was a commotion.
Recently, Akashiterika’s reputation as a detective has been spreading throughout Ruinomiyako… and they’ve heard rumors of her achievements, so naturally they know her!
“I see! I had no idea that you were the famous Great Detective, Akashiterika-dono! Please forgive my rudeness. I’m Gaisha Colossale. The deputy director of this museum. It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance.”
Deputy Director Gaisha also apologized for his rudeness, tightened his tie, smiled, and shook hands with Akashiterika.
“Helloooo, everyooone! Oh, is it self-introduction time? Then it’s my turn next!”
And then.
The sliding door opened with a loud rattling sound… and a man with messy bed hair suddenly entered the room.
It’s Detective Munodes, recovered from being knocked unconscious!
Detective Munodes, after putting the dried Halberd Squid he was munching on into his breast pocket, looked around the room.
“My name is Munodes! An elite detective, working day and night to arrest criminals at the Ruinomiyako Police Department! My favorite food is dried fish, and my favorite type of woman is… a kind, beautiful, and kind person! Kyah, I’m so embarrassed! Just kidding! Nice to meet you all!”
Saying that, wiping his sweat, he bowed repeatedly.
“I-Is he really a detective…?”
The staff members were surprised by Detective Munodes’ self-introduction, and there was a commotion.
Although Akashiterika’s reputation as a detective has been spreading throughout Ruinomiyako recently… they haven’t heard any rumors about Detective Munodes, who often works with her, so naturally, they don’t know him!
So, well, they couldn’t hide their surprise at his… not-very-detective-like character!
“Oh, you’re Detective Munodes-dono! I’m also well acquainted with your father, Councilman Nanapikkara. It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance.”
But Deputy Director Gaisha, being competent enough to be appointed deputy director, is an excellent person.
He immediately recalled from the corner of his memory that the detective with the bed hair before him is the son of an influential councilman from the police department, and humbly shook hands with him.
By doing so, he implicitly conveyed to the other staff members that this man is not someone to be trifled with.
“I’m a traveler. Emi Rune.”
Here.
The girl with sunglasses, Emi, who had been erasing her presence until now, quietly introduced herself.
She judged that this is the time for self-introductions!
“N-No way… Who?”
“W-Who… is she?”
The staff members were surprised by Emi’s self-introduction, and there was a commotion.
Although Akashiterika’s reputation as a detective has been spreading throughout Ruinomiyako recently… they haven’t heard any rumors about Emi, who is traveling with her, so naturally, they don’t know her!
Coupled with the fact that she had been erasing her presence until now, the staff’s impression of Emi is ‘a mysterious traveler who suddenly appeared’!
Naturally, they’re flustered and confused!
“Oh, you’re Akashiterika-dono’s assistant, right? It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance.”
But Deputy Director Gaisha is a quick thinker.
From the common sense judgment that ‘there’s no way an unrelated traveler would be here’, he quickly deduced Emi’s position, smiled, and shook hands with her.
By doing so, he calmed down the other staff members.
“Um… Ahem.”
Now, after everyone had introduced themselves, Akashiterika cleared her throat.
“Now then, I’d like to start hearing your stories… Director, is there a room where we can conduct interviews?”
“Then, let’s use the reception room next door.”
“Alright. Then, everyone, when you’re ready, I’ll question you one by one. Please come to the reception room when your name is called. I’m sorry to bother you when you’re all tired… but thank you for your cooperation.”
Akashiterika, vigilantly observing the staff members, bowed deeply and said that.