The Ambush Skeleton, the Surprise Attack Skeleton, the Bow and Arrow Skeleton, the Mace Skeleton, and the Other Skeletons
* * *
『I’ve been a foot soldier for a long time, but I’m a coward by nature. To be honest, I’d rather not cross blades with an enemy head-on.』
I hear a voice coming from behind me.
A man’s voice, with no particular characteristics.
Blood gushes out from my pierced chest and mouth.
『That’s why I honed my ambush skills… ‘All’s fair in love and war’—that’s my motto… You’re not going to call me ‘cowardly’, are you…? …Hehehe.』
And saying that… the owner of the voice chuckled, self-deprecatingly.
“U-Guh… Gah…”
<Are you okay, Emi!?>
Extra-sama, worried about me, who’s violently vomiting blood, hurriedly asks.
I don’t have the time to answer, whether I’m okay or not.
It just hurts, incredibly hurts.
Damn it.
That was a truly amazing ambush.
I didn’t even sense his killing intent until the pain hit.
The epitome of 【Presence Concealment】.
Amazing.
<This is not the time to be praising him!!>
…It’s not.
I’m starting to get irritated.
Killing intent, welling up after praise.
How dare you hurt me this much.
I’ll kill you.
“Rah!!”
With the spear still stuck in my back, I rotated my body at high speed, using one leg as an axis!
『NUWAAH!?』
The attacker, who seems to have been holding the spear, was thrown off by the force!
And then he crashed into the wall with a loud clang—it’s a skeleton, again.
He’s not wearing armor, perhaps to muffle the sound, but has cloth wrapped around his body… that’s what he looks like.
“…………Hmph!!”
Glaring at the ambush skeleton, I extended a 【Black Tentacle】 from my right shoulder, and forcefully pulled out the spear from my back.
Blood gushed out.
But.
The bleeding stopped immediately, and my body started regenerating with a sizzling sound!
The hole in my chest was instantly closed, and my body is back to normal!
『EEEEEEEHーーー!? Isn’t that cheatingーーー!?』
“SHUT UUUUPーーー!!!”
I took the spear from my 【Black Tentacle】, and threw it… at the ambush skeleton… with all my might!
DOD… DOD-DOD… DOD!!
The spear, strengthened by my mana, directly hit the ambush skeleton, exploding its body!
And not only that, but it also created several round holes in the stone walls of the fort, and flew outside.
『Uwaah… I should have… trained my running speed too…』
The ambush skeleton, with only his skull barely remaining, groaned regretfully, and then turned into black dust…
“Fuuuu…”
Ahh… pathetic.
To be caught in an ambush like that…
I can’t stop feeling irritated, at my own incompetence.
My excitement won’t subside.
The post-battle excitement makes my senses even sharper.
So—
“Raaaah!!”
『What!?』
I sensed the dagger swung down by the surprise attack skeleton, who suddenly dropped down from the ceiling without a sound, and caught it, using my fantasy grip strength, blocking it!
A close call!
That was dangerous!
“Aaaah!!”
『GOAAH…!?』
I forcefully pulled down the dagger, slamming the surprise attack skeleton onto the stone floor.
Unable to break his fall because of that unexpected acceleration, the surprise attack skeleton hit the floor at a considerable speed, and shattered into pieces!
“…!!”
But the surprise attacks didn’t end there!
I felt a faint whistling sound, and turned around to see an arrow flying towards me.
I caught it, glared in that direction, and… saw a skeleton in the corner of the room, with a small bow in its hands.
“Ra…”
I got into a throwing position, to throw the arrow back… but then, I sensed a faint rustling behind me!
I turned around, and there I saw a skeleton, swinging a mace, about to smash me!
“AAAAH!!”
『GUGYAAH!!』
I, with the momentum of turning around, smashed the mace skeleton, and then ducked!
The arrow passed over my head!
No time to breathe!
Because, look!
『『『『『『HYAAAAAAAHーーー!!!』』』』』』
Where did they even come from… Skeletons, with all sorts of weapons, are still charging towards me, from all directions!
“DON’T UNDERESTIMATE MEEEEーーー!!!”
I shouted, putting all my strength into it!
And then, breaking the arrow I was still holding, I deployed my 【Black Tentacles】, all at once, from both shoulders!
More than ten, more than twenty… so many!
“RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
And then, I swung my tentacles wildly!
Throughout the entire room, like the blades of a blender!
My 【Black Tentacles】 rampaged at high speed, crushing everything they touched!
『Gah!?』
『Guhaa!?』
『Is she a monster!?』
Several skeletons, surprised by the sudden, omnidirectional attack, were slow to react, and were torn apart by my 【Black Tentacles】, like paper, turning into black dust.
I confirmed that the annoying bow skeleton was also destroyed at this point!
But!
『Hmph! Hmph!』
『…………』
『Clang, clang, clink! Shing, shing, shalaーーー!』
Three skeletons… blocking or dodging my 【Black Tentacles】 storm… are approaching me!