Kobdalian, Engulfed in Flames!
* * *
<<<OOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAHーーー!!!>>>
Kobdalian swam with all his might!
He swam straight down the slope of the funnel-shaped giant hole, scorching the ground with the armor of flames enveloping him!
He can no longer produce the blue flames from before, because he doesn’t have enough mana… but still.
Its heat and its intensity… is tremendous.
The roaring flames, blazing with a ‘gou-gou’ sound, are the last vestiges of his determination, born from his resolve to die.
Kobdalian… his soul burning, became a single ball of fire, and single-mindedly continued to swim!
Byu-byunn!!
Byu-byu-byu-byunn!!
Humidafai, detecting him with its countless rolling eyes, of course, started to intercept.
This super giant turban shell began launching countless radulae towards Kobdalian, who had reached the surface of its body, and started swimming.
<<<AAAAAAAAAAHーーー!!!>>>
But Humidafai’s radulae can’t penetrate Kobdalian’s soul flames!
Juju!
Jujujuju!
All the radulae, the moment they approach Kobdalian’s armor of flames, are charred black and crumble!
Although Kobdalian himself doesn’t know this… the flames he created with his resolve to die aren’t just hot.
They’re magical flames… with the power to protect, to shield from enemies!
As expected, since it’s a defensive power created at the cost of his own soul, its defensive power is guaranteed!
<<<Aaaah…!!>>>
And then, Kobdalian finally reached his first objective.
It’s the key to Humidafai’s seal… the white, glowing starfish, which Humidafai still avoids to this day.
Kobdalian, as if jumping, danced in the air, and then fell straight down, headfirst!
<<<Hugg!!>>>
He caught the Sealing Starfish that had fallen to the ground in his mouth, picked it up… and then, he charged towards the shell, like a mountain, where Humidafai’s core is hidden!
“““BUSHUWAWAWAーーー!!!“““
Humidafai reacted to that action with what seemed like hypersensitivity.
Whether it’s a cry of anger, or a wail of fear, he doesn’t know… but after making that sound by sharply blowing air from the tips of the spines on its shell, which had been emitting fog while sealed… Humidafai trembled.
And it created.
Multiple, layered snail flesh tsunamis.
Countless tall, thick walls to stop Kobdalian!
Ah, how terrible!
No matter how protective the flames of Kobdalian may be, there is no way it can burn up that much snail flesh!
Will Kobdalian be swallowed by Humidafai like this… and meet the same fate as the other Kobudai warriors!?
…No, he won’t.
Because, right now, at the bottom of this giant hole, there’s still one more person…
…Emi Rune!!
“RAAAAAAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
With a ‘byun’ sound of cutting wind, Emi threw her body using her 【Black Tentacles】, and landed at a point midway between Kobdalian and the snail flesh tsunamis.
Seeing Kobdalian’s charge, and Humidafai’s reaction to it, she was convinced.
That this Kobudai is now the only way to counter this Calamity!
Therefore!
“Rah!!”
Emi roared, psyching herself up, and… on the elastic surface of Humidafai’s body… she jumped vertically, with all her might!
“Aaaaaaaah…!”
And then, while dancing in the air, she weaved the 【Black Tentacles】 extending from her shoulders, creating a giant something.
It’s a jet-black, giant sword.
A 【Black Greatsword】!!
“Aaaaaaaah…!”
And that’s not all!
Emi poured mana into the 【Black Greatsword】 she created.
【Great Mantis】!
And then, she extended the mana blade, lengthening the already giant 【Black Greatsword】 blade, making it even larger than it looks!!
“Aa, aa, ah… RAAAAAAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
And then, Emi!
With her extraordinary strength, hidden in her small body!
Swung that large sword… with all her might… towards Humidafai!!
DO… OOOOOOOOOOOOHN!!!
Emi’s 【Black Greatsword】 slammed into Humidafai’s flesh, and the ground behind it, with a tremendous roar!
And then!
Zuu… PAAAAAAAAAAAN!!
The multiple, layered snail flesh tsunamis… that were in the path of Emi’s swung 【Black Greatsword】!
They were sliced in two, in a straight line!
Emi’s 【Great Mantis】 reached even Humidafai’s shell.
Unfortunately, it didn’t seem to be able to even scratch the shell.
But.
What’s important right now is.
That the snail flesh tsunamis have been sliced.
And… a path was created there… for Kobdalian to swim through!!
<<<I’m… indebted… to you!!>>>
Kobdalian, kneeling on the ground, breathing heavily, his stomach growling so loudly that it echoed throughout the area, said a word of thanks to Emi and then…
Straight ahead.
Straight, straight ahead…
He started swimming towards Humidafai!
Humidafai has no way to resist now.
It seems to be desperately trying to regenerate the cut surface, with a sizzling sound, but it’s too slow.
Kobdalian, holding the starfish in his mouth, burned his soul even brighter!
And then, with a ‘gyun’ sound, he swam through the path Emi created at incredible speed!
<<<OOOOOOOOOH!! RAAAAAH!!!>>>
Finally!
Towards Humidafai’s shell!
As it always has been, all this time!
To the place where it originally was!
He pressed… the Sealing Starfish he was holding in his mouth… against it!!
And then, the next moment!
The Sealing Starfish, which was originally shining white, emitted an even brighter light!
Turning the surrounding scenery… completely white!
And then…!!