The Perverted Old Man is Released
* * *
Creeeeak……clang!
A rusty iron door opened with a loud noise.
The moldy dust that danced in the air due to the force sparkled as it was bathed in the sunlight pouring in from outside the door.
This was the underground space of the guard station in the hot spring town of Topuringon.
A dark, damp stone corridor extended, with a total of six prison cells divided by iron bars on both sides.
The only light source was a single crude magic lamp installed in the center.
Therefore, it was dimly lit.
“……This way.”
And the one who arrived at such a prison, led by a guard who spoke few words, was a woman.
The petite, plain-faced woman had her mouth twisted into a frown, and she walked down the corridor with the sound of her footsteps echoing.
“What are……you doing……?”
And when she reached the only occupied cell at the very back, she said that while her anger seeped out.
“……Foooh~~~……oh!? If it isn’t Taiche! Long time no see!”
However, the person imprisoned in the cell……Earthcell, the former director of the Adventurer’s Guild branch in Topuringon, didn’t care about her anger at all.
After letting out a big yawn, he showed a carefree smile.
“Could it be! Could it be! You came to see grandpa……me because you were worried!?”
“Shut up! I’m here for work, you perverted old geezer!!”
Taiche, a special affairs officer working at the Adventurer’s Guild headquarters, finally exploded in anger at Earthcell, who showed no sign of remorse for his criminal act (underwear theft) and was acting like a good-natured old man with a grin!!
“Foh……c-calm down, Taiche. Take a deep breath! Deep breath! Is this a belated rebellious phase? I wish you would treat grandpa more kindly.”
“What rebellious phase, you fool! How can I be kind, you fool! My grandfather! Was caught! As an underwear thief! Consider the feelings! Of his granddaughter! You fool!!”
“Uh, um……my condolences?”
“Why are you acting like it’s someone else’s business, you FOOOOOOL!!”
Taiche’s scream resounded through the underground prison!
Returning to her senses after hearing the guard clear his throat with an “Ahem,” Taiche somehow concealed her boiling inner feelings and regained her usual calmness on the surface.
“……Anyway! This time, I have come here not as your granddaughter but as a special affairs officer. Earthcell……you’re being released. An appointment letter has been issued from headquarters.”
“Hmm, a letter of dismissal?”
“No, it’s a letter of transfer.”
“Foh!?”
Now, Earthcell, who had been fiddling with his mustache, was surprised for the first time upon hearing Taiche’s words.
“T-Transfer? Not fired?”
“That’s right. The headquarters……even if you are the worst perverted underwear thief old geezer, they highly value your abilities. The abilities of Earthcell, the former special-rank adventurer ‘Earth Sage.'”
“‘Earth Sage’……what a nostalgic nickname.”
Ignoring the old man reminiscing about the past with a faraway look in his eyes, Taiche conveyed the details in a matter-of-fact tone.
“Therefore, rather than firing you as is and releasing you into the wild, the headquarters has decided to properly work you to the bone until you die.”
“Wait a sec……I think I heard some scary words just now!?”
“Rejoice. The Adventurer’s Guild has decided to give you, who would have otherwise tarnished your final years and died while being pointed at as just a perverted old geezer, a chance to redeem your honor. It’s a promotion. Congratulations.”
“Wait! Wait, it’s too ominous, I can’t be happy at all! Details! Give me the details!”
“Of course. That’s my job, after all.”
Saying that, Taiche took out a sheet of paper from the bag slung over her shoulder.
The paper, adorned with golden ornate decorations, was a letter of appointment.
At the bottom, the signature of the Adventurer’s Guild Commander was written.
“‘Earthcell, director of the Topuringon Branch of the Adventurer’s Guild Sape Country Tara Branch, is relieved of his position and newly appointed as the New Branch Establishment Official. His place of assignment shall be the Zamago Forest at the western edge of the unexplored Ranrarananga Mountain Range.’……So please make effective use of your remaining short life for the sake of your successors. I sincerely ask for your cooperation.”
Here, for the first time, Taiche smiled mischievously as usual.
It’s been a while since Taiche appeared.
Earthcell is terrible, but Taiche, who can send off her grandfather to his death while grinning, is also terrible!
However, it is probably the flip side of her trust in Earthcell’s abilities, thinking, “He won’t die from just this.” Maybe.