【Adventurer Mitran】The Secret of the Golden Pyramid
* * *
“Mitran-kuuuuuuun!!”
“Uwaah!?”
I, who was happily jumping up and down after defeating the Golden Pyramid, was suddenly tackled from the side… and rolled across the sand.
The one who flew at me in a tackle-like posture… is Leseida-san.
Leseida-san, usually cool and composed, her eyes slightly teary, is smiling brightly and hugging me tightly.
“Amazing! You’re truly amazing! To think you were able to deliver the finishing blow to that giant hermit crab!”
“I-It’s… suffocating… Calm down, Leseida-san. I’m not a little kid.”
Embarrassed, my face bright red, I escaped from Leseida-san’s embrace, and the next to approach me were Harishurap-san and Lady.
“Miss… that last sword strike was truly divine. It gave me goosebumps. That was a good show, wasn’t it, Lady?”
“Kyururuppiii!”
“E-Ehehe…”
Harishurap-san, clapping his hands with a truly impressed expression…
I scratched my cheek, bashful and happy.
“Ah.”
But here.
I remembered something unfortunate.
“But… Leseida-san, the Golden Pyramid wasn’t a ruin of the Super-Ancient Magic Civilization. This journey was tough, but it was all for nothing, huh…”
…Yes, the purpose of our journey was to search for the Golden Pyramid, which was thought to be a ruin of the Super-Ancient Magic Civilization.
But the Golden Pyramid was a super-giant hermit crab.
It wasn’t a ruin powered by lost technology.
I slumped my shoulders dejectedly at that fact.
“No, no. It’s not necessarily all for nothing.”
But Leseida-san, grinning… approached the motionless Golden Pyramid.
“Look at this.”
And she tapped the surface of the Golden Pyramid… the shell used by the hermit crab.
“Hmm?”
Looking closely… I saw various circular, square, and other shapes carved into it.
They don’t look natural… they’re clearly patterns carved by human hands!
“Eh? What’s this?”
“In other words, the Golden Pyramid… was indeed a ruin!”
Leseida-san, puffing out her chest, started explaining her hypothesis to the confused me!
“The Golden Pyramid… was probably a ruin of a civilization that once existed in this western Great Desert! The roof of a temple, a palace, or some kind of giant building. While the other parts of the ruin were buried in the sand over time, only this Golden Pyramid, because it was being used as a hermit crab’s shell, remained above ground… That’s what I think.”
“I-I see!”
“And these patterns carved on the Golden Pyramid… are identical to the ones drawn on the traditional clothing of the people living in the western Great Desert! Although the Golden Pyramid unfortunately wasn’t a ruin of the Super-Ancient Magic Civilization… archaeologically, this is a very important discovery, Mitran-kun!”
Leseida-san, after excitedly finishing her explanation, took out a notebook from her bag and happily started sketching the patterns on the surface of the Golden Pyramid!
Once she starts like this, nothing can stop her!
I watched her, smiling wryly.
The wandering mage Nenesane, perhaps thinking about Leseida-san’s hypothesis… was pondering with her hand on her chin.
Harishurap-san is repairing the sled that Lady broke.
Our adventure, running and running across the Lasanaskiros Desert, has come to an end.
…Or so we thought.
The next moment—!
““““““SWIIIIII!! HOH HOH HOOO!!””””””
Suddenly, that cursed war cry echoed through the surroundings!
Dododod, dododod, dodododododoooo!!
With that sound… the sand around us suddenly swelled up!
And from within… those madmen with triangular pyramids on their heads, the members of the Sunrise Triangle… appeared!
They appeared from the sand, in a formation like players in a cavalry battle… with three of them forming a base, and one on top!
Eh, why!?
What’s going on!?
“SWIIIIII… Hoh… HOH HOH HOOO!!!”
And then, slightly after them, an even larger mound of sand swelled up… and a giant centipede emerged from within!
On the centipede’s head… is the driver with his face covered, and a large Triangle, dressed more lavishly than the others!
“Guhu… Fuhahaha… Hahaha…!”
The large Triangle, looking around at us, dumbfounded and frozen by the sudden turn of events, got off the giant centipede’s head, and approached us with a creepy laugh!
And then, in a loud, resounding voice, he shouted powerfully!
“Surprised, are you, heathens! That just now was the power of our god… the blessing of the Triangular Pyramid God!”
What does that mean!?
“After all, this is the era… of the triangular pyramid!!”
What does that even mean!?