The Perverted Old Geezer Bathes in the Morning Sun, the Obsessed Old Geezer Bathes in the Evening Sun
* * *
Now, let’s go back a little in time, just a little after Emi left the base.
“Fohh~~~ … Until the end, she was really a mischievous child!”
The sun has completely risen from Mount Nanga and is illuminating the Zamago Forest base, but there are still few people who are awake and active.
Hence the silence.
The only things echoing around are the lonely-sounding voices of insects and the sound of the wind…
Breaking such a melancholy and silent atmosphere, the lingering feeling after parting, Earthcell said that while playing with his mustache and deliberately making a playful voice.
“…Fufu, indeed.”
“She’s so full of energy… Wherever she goes, Miss should be safe, right!”
“Hahaha, no doubt about it!”
“Uooooohhh!!!”
In response, the members of the “Tea Dragon’s Heel.” also started moving, such as making wry smiles and stretching respectively.
Emi.
Their precious Miss.
She left this base without talking much about her own circumstances at all.
Even so, it was clearly conveyed to them.
That she recognized them as precious comrades.
She was undoubtedly their comrade.
It was something that their comrade had decided.
And even if they tried to stop her, they couldn’t.
If that’s the case, they have no choice but to respect the result and the will of their comrade.
…Yes, they have no choice but to come to terms with their own hearts.
And fortunately, they were adult enough to be able to do that.
They saw Emi off and prayed for the best on her journey.
And they vowed to continue protecting this base so that she could return whenever she felt like it.
The first thing they had to do.
That was.
“””””…………”””””
To repair the road that had a crater-like large hole gouged out because Emi forcefully stepped in and ran off when she left this base.
Earthcell described Emi as “mischievous” when he saw this hole, but honestly speaking, it’s not the kind of damage that can be described with such a cute word.
“Well, anyway, let’s fix it! Patchino, can you gather some soil from around with everyone? After preparing, I’ll finish it in a jiffy with magic!”
“Roger!”
Under Earthcell’s command, everyone started moving to carry out the repair work… It was just then.
“Wa-Wait a minute! What was that sound just now!?”
Special Affairs Officer Taiche, wearing sleepwear and a coat, came running up to Earthcell, dragging a sleepy-looking Yuju.
She had been jolted awake by the explosion sound caused by Emi’s step, and in a great hurry, forgetting to even put on makeup, she came all the way here.
* * *
“Eh, eeeeh!? Departed!? Emi-san did!?”
Taiche, who had just finished hearing the summary of Emi’s departure earlier from Earthcell, held her head in pain and furrowed her brow.
“Even though there was something I absolutely had to have Emi-san receive…”
“Oh, you too, Taiche? Actually, I’m the same…”
Saying that, Earthcell deliberately took something out of his pocket.
When he opened his clenched palm after pulling it out of his pocket… what was in that hand he was holding was…
Panties.
“I named it… ‘Hope’! I thought I would definitely give it to Emi-chan! There wasn’t even a chance for that!”
Earthcell spread the panties with both hands and held them up to the morning sun.
The refreshing morning light, after passing through the filter of panties, is faintly dyed peach-colored and showers down on Earthcell…
“Don’t lump my situation together with such a thing! I’m talking about work here!”
Taiche went into a rage and punched the carefree Earthcell’s right cheek with all her might.
She really punched with all her strength!
“Fohh!? Wh-What do you mean by ‘such a thing’! Apologize to the god of panties!!”
“I don’t know such a god! Listen, we have to give Emi a large amount of compensation from the Adventurer’s Guild! We’ve been searching for her whereabouts for a long time, and just when we finally found her! This sets us back to square one!”
“…Eh, compensation?”
Upon hearing those words, Earthcell’s face immediately turned pale.
Unlike when he was assigned to Topuringon, he has already stopped being a panty thief.
However, while being in the environment of the demon realm, where there are few shackles… restraints of human society… Or rather, when he thought back carefully, since he first came to the demon realm… He had become a bit too open about his, um, favorite things.
Really, too late to realize that now.
“In other words… Emi-chan sued me for… sexual harassment!?”
“No, listen to what I’m saying properly! I was originally searching for her on a separate matter before you old geezer met Emi-san!”
This time, Taiche punched Earthcell’s left cheek.
After that, she cleared her throat and regained her usual calm Special Affairs Officer mode.
Although in sleepwear.
“…We at the Adventurer’s Guild have caused great trouble for Emi-san in the town of Yoshanka. Of course, it’s not enough to show our sincerity with just an apology from a mere administrative official like me. We have to properly pay what needs to be paid. Actually, during yesterday’s discussion, I intended to convey that properly, but…”
“I see, the assault commotion happened…”
“Yes, even after the commotion subsided… There was also Giovanno-san’s funeral, so I hesitated to bring up the topic of money. I didn’t expect… that she would leave this base the next morning…”
Taiche let out a small sigh.
Her complexion seems to be poor.
Earthcell, who noticed that with a keen eye, felt a little concerned.
His granddaughter has a dry personality to the point of casually throwing her grandfather into the demon realm.
She must be feeling pain in her heart about Emi too, but she definitely draws the line as a job and maintains a sense of distance so as not to make herself sick.
Even so, this poor complexion.
In other words.
“…Is there some troublesome backstory to this case?”
That must be the case.
Even though he’s a perverted old geezer, Earthcell hasn’t worked for the Adventurer’s Guild for a long time for nothing.
He immediately notices that much.
Taiche stiffens for a moment when her inner thoughts are seen through, but the other party is her grandfather and colleague.
In the first place, it’s not information that needs to be hidden.
Sighing once, she revealed the circumstances.
“Troublesome… rather, the Supreme Commander is showing a lot of interest. In Emi-san.”
“What!”
Earthcell is a man who has long been active as an adventurer and now works as a guild staff member.
He is acquainted with Supreme Commander Lairine Rune.
She is a superhuman.
The strongest adventurer in the world.
And she is also a person who never lacks sinister rumors.
If the top of such an organization is interested in Emi, whom they were finally able to contact once but lost sight of again, it’s understandable that even an excellent granddaughter would hesitate to report that.
(But, for that Supreme Commander to…)
Adventurer’s Guild Supreme Commander Lairine Rune is a person outside of reason who doesn’t age for some reason.
She lives so long that it doesn’t seem human, and her beauty hasn’t changed a bit since Earthcell was a rookie adventurer.
And perhaps because of her transcendent strength, or because of her longevity… Although she seems gentle and kind at first glance, in reality, she lacks human touch and doesn’t show much interest in others.
That Supreme Commander has taken an interest in Emi.
(In other words, is Emi-chan the same kind as the Supreme Commander after all? Considering that strength, it’s a convincing story, but… Will that child become like that in the future?)
That… is a bit unpleasant, Earthcell thought and sighed.
(… Hm?)
Thinking that far, Earthcell suddenly notices.
“Taiche, if the Supreme Commander is concerned about Emi-chan, what is that suspicious old geezer doing?”
“Suspicious old geezer?”
“There! That vice-commander with the long name, Gei-something! Doesn’t he go a bit crazy when the Supreme Commander is involved? Isn’t he making a move?”
Now, the vice-commander Geistpfenanjeshiriard, who was just mentioned, is roughly the same age as Earthcell.
This vice-commander was also once an active adventurer on the front lines, and although they rarely meet face-to-face now, they have a long association.
There is a hidden side to his serious and gentle pretense.
Earthcell was once forcibly kicked out of the inn he was staying at by Geistpfenanjeshiriard, who at the time was not even a vice-commander but was just arbitrarily pretending to be the Supreme Commander’s secretary, because the Supreme Commander was coming for an inspection during a certain large-scale joint request.
Even though he was seriously injured from the request.
He is usually excellent, but… the moment the Supreme Commander gets involved, the screw in his head comes loose. That’s the vice-commander.
Earthcell, a long-time member, understood that firsthand.
“Don’t say rude things. Unlike a certain perverted old geezer, the vice-commander is a respectable person!”
However, Taiche, who is still a young staff member, doesn’t seem to have noticed such aspects of the vice-commander.
(Well… unlike the Supreme Commander, he has aged. He must have mellowed out.)
Since he became the vice-commander and the organization still runs smoothly, that’s probably the case.
Or maybe he has become better at pretending.
In any case, the fact that his granddaughter hasn’t noticed the bad side of the vice-commander means that man no longer shows such an attitude outwardly, and it’s not something that needs to be advised.
He also wants to avoid a situation where his words cause his granddaughter to have doubts about the vice-commander and make it difficult for her to work at the workplace.
So Earthcell, while snorting, didn’t argue further with his granddaughter who was proudly talking about the vice-commander.
“Um, so, about the vice-commander… as far as I know, he’s not particularly making a move, you know? Of course, right? Sure, it’s important to properly settle the guild’s mishandling, but even if the Supreme Commander is interested, it’s unthinkable to favor and focus on this case just because of that, right?”
“Foh… I hope that’s the case…”
Earthcell said that while vacantly looking up at the sky.
A cold wind that makes a rustling sound while carrying fallen leaves blows and sways his mustache.
I don’t really understand, but… I have a bad feeling.
“Hey! The soil is ready!”
“…Fohh~~! Roger! Then, you can fully enjoy the wonderfulness of my earth magic today too!”
But, however.
Emi had already started running at a flying speed to somewhere and left this base.
There was nothing more Earthcell and the others could do.
(Well, whatever happens, it’ll be fine! Because it’s Emi-chan, after all!)
For the time being, leaving Emi’s matters to Emi herself, Earthcell, who was called by Patchino, started repairing the road.
Another day in the demon realm begins.
* * *
On the other hand, at the same time, on an ever-summer island sinking in the reddish-purple twilight.
The name of this island, where dragons dance in the sky, tearing through the peach-colored clouds while making high-pitched cries, is Aave Island.
…And the white-painted building on this island that is dyed peach-colored by the setting sun like the clouds is none other than the headquarters of the Adventurer’s Guild, which has branches all over the world.
“…”
In his private room provided at that headquarters, sitting deeply in the finest leather executive chair, is a lone butler-like old man.
He is none other than Vice-Commander Geistpfenanjeshiriard, the person who practically manages the affairs of this Adventurer’s Guild!
Although he usually wears the mask of a gentle vice-commander who never stops smiling, the atmosphere he is currently emitting is surprisingly cold.
Due to the backlight from the window, his detailed expression cannot be read, but… he has his legs crossed arrogantly, his arms folded… and is tapping his index finger on his arm, his appearance is clearly not hiding his bad mood.
What he is glaring at is something standing still in the dimly lit room darkened by the twilight, with one knee raised.
It can barely be recognized as a human wrapped in black cloth all over its body, but whether it is a man or a woman, its age, such things are completely unknown.
It even gives the impression that it might melt into the twilight and disappear at any moment, a black-clad humanoid.
“You found the target. Finally. That’s good.”
After a moment of silence, Vice-Commander Geistpfenanjeshiriard spoke in a cold voice, still in a bad mood.
The target is none other than Emi.
Geistpfenanjeshiriard was originally an orphan picked up and raised by Supreme Commander Lairine Rune.
To him, Lairine is his master, sister, and mother.
An object of reverence, and… an object of unreachable, maddening love.
Such a Lairine showed an interest in the black-haired, black-eyed girl Emi, whom she had never seen before, just by reading a report.
Geistpfenanjeshiriard was jealous of such an Emi.
Mother has a somewhat thin interest in humans.
Although she shows an attitude of trying to interact politely, her gaze towards humans is always somewhat cold when observed carefully.
That is… the same even for himself, who should be her son, disciple, and confidant.
…And yet!
That mother’s appearance when she read the report about a girl named Emi!
What was that look in her eyes, as if she was pining for a love at first sight!
Even though I exist…!
Not even once!
I have never been looked at with such eyes!!
Moreover, since then, the Supreme Commander has been asking the Vice-Commander.
Has Emi been found?
Every day, every day, every day, every day, every day…!
With a pained face!
With a lonely face!
Without thinking about my… Geistpfenanjeshiriard’s feelings at all!!
Not knowing how much I feel like my heart is being torn apart every time I’m asked that!!
Having been with Lairine for a long time, Geistpfenanjeshiriard knows why Mother shows such obsession with Emi.
Mother has always lived looking for her own kind.
She has been searching for someone who can become as strong as her, live as long as her, and spend time shoulder to shoulder with her.
Mother intuited that Emi is such a person.
…It was unforgivable.
There was no way he could forgive it.
To think that some cursed child, whose origins are unknown, would become Mother’s most beloved child, putting me aside!!
Absolutely unforgivable!!
Therefore, Geistpfenanjeshiriard immediately issued an order to the black-clad figure standing in front of him, showing absolute obedience to him by contract.
“Kill the black-haired, black-eyed girl Emi.”
However, for about two years, that order was not carried out.
This black-clad figure… takes a human form but is not human.
It was unprecedented for it to be unable to carry out an order.
The reason was that in the first place, it couldn’t even find that girl named Emi.
She must have died in the wild somewhere.
By convincing himself of that, Geistpfenanjeshiriard had somehow gained peace of mind, but a hint of uneasiness never disappeared, and he continued his personal search for Emi just in case.
That included not only investigations using the black-clad figure but also steady clerical work.
For example, secretly suggesting to several staff members who adore him to preview the documents delivered to the headquarters and grasp in advance if there is any information related to Emi.
Letters addressed to headquarters are opened once at the reception and stamped with a receipt stamp, even if the addressee is an individual’s name.
Previewing is easy.
As a result, Geistpfenanjeshiriard finally found the name of the hateful Emi!
It was in a letter sent from Earthcell, a newly dispatched branch office establishment official in the Zamago Forest demon realm, to Special Affairs Officer Taiche.
Taiche is an excellent special affairs officer and a staff member who was involved in the Yoshanka incident that led to the Supreme Commander learning about Emi’s name.
Therefore, she quickly took action.
Apart from the Supreme Commander and Vice-Commander’s personal obsessions, the Adventurer’s Guild must apologize and compensate Emi, so that’s only natural.
However, Geistpfenanjeshiriard moved even faster!
He dispatched the black-clad figure even before Taiche could move.
To assassinate Emi.
And he approved the business trip applications, etc. submitted by Taiche, blocking the information from reaching the Supreme Commander.
With this, the evil that disturbs Supreme Commander Lairine’s heart, that Emi or whatever, will finally be destroyed, and peace will be brought to this world.
…That should have been the case.
“Why… Why didn’t you kill her and come back!!”
So as not to let his voice leak outside the room.
Therefore, Geistpfenanjeshiriard asked the black-clad figure in a low voice, but with irrepressible hatred.
“…”
The black-clad figure doesn’t answer anything.
It just silently kneels on one knee and stands there.
However, it seems to be using 【Telepathy】 or something, as its excuse is conveyed to Geistpfenanjeshiriard.
“A, a mighty existence? You can’t match it? Isn’t it just a single human girl! Moreover, you may have been spotted by the target once? You’re becoming more and more incompetent year by year, aren’t you?”
However, even though it was conveyed, he dismissed the black-clad figure’s opinion without accepting it.
He had been cursing how incompetent the black-clad figure was for a while, but while doing so, he calmed down a bit.
Originally, this black-clad figure is a stealth type.
It’s not good at head-on battles.
The target, Emi, is an opponent who is expected to possess a certain level of combat ability from the beginning.
If about two years have passed since the Yoshanka incident and her power has grown to a certain extent, it’s possible that the black-clad figure was inadequate.
“Then… shall I use another assassin? Hey, you put a “mark” on that girl, right?”
The black-clad figure silently conveys its affirmative intention.
“Good. Where is she now? …Advancing west on the Saikanan highway? …Hmm, how convenient.”
The vice-commander smiled an evil grin, took out a writing pad and envelope, and quickly wrote a letter.
And he threw it roughly at the black-clad figure who was waiting on one knee without moving an inch.
“Deliver this letter to that dirty group of assassins operating in the eastern part of the Naganahate Kingdom.”
“…”
“I’ve used them many times, I’m a valued customer. If it’s a request from me, they’ll move immediately. I won’t be stingy with money. Above all, since the top died and the structure changed, they’ve been seeking achievements. They’ve become a very easy bunch to deal with. They’ll gladly kill the girl. Unlike you, incompetent one.”
“…”
“…What are you doing? You’ve been sent to their headquarters before, right? Hurry up and go. Sic those scum and kill that trash.”
Ordered as such, the black-clad figure, although somewhat reluctantly, left the vice-commander’s room.
Its body sank into the shadow of the room stretched by the setting sun as if melting into it, and then disappeared.
Left behind was Vice-Commander Geistpfenanjeshiriard alone, gazing at the sea from the large window.
“The evil that disturbs Mother’s heart… finally, the last moment has come.”
Vice-Commander Geistpfenanjeshiriard muttered.
“I’m counting on you, ‘Purple Dual Rings…!”
And while looking at the sinking sun, his mouth curled into a distorted smile.
Doing something that looks like a hook for the next arc, Arc 12 ends here.
Finally, the vice-commander makes a move!
And ‘Purple Dual Rings’!?
You guys weren’t annihilated!?
I wonder how many readers will react like that?
‘The Purple Dual Rings’ appeared in Arc 3.
The span until their reappearance is too long, you can’t remember!
Well then, thank you very much for reading my work “The Reincarnated Extra” up to this point.
Bookmarks, star ratings, reviews, and comments are really encouraging.
Thank you very much.
This work has finally reached the final stages of Part 1.
Counting from the next arc, there are only 5 arcs left in Part 1!
A little more… but not really, there’s still quite a lot left, yeah.
I would be happy if you could stick with me.
By the way, I suddenly started saying “Part 1,” but even after Part 1 ends, the series will continue unchanged.
It means that there is a bit of a story-wise break point coming up.
It’s not a big break though.
Since the tone doesn’t change at all between Part 1 and Part 2, I think readers will be able to continue enjoying this story without any change, so please rest assured.
Also, if you ask how many parts this “The Reincarnated Extra” is composed of in total… it’s a five-part composition.
It’s long!!
I hope you will continue to stick with me.
Thank you very much.
Please wait a while until the next post.