The Spirit of the Myogomyogoshugo (False)
* * *
Perhaps, in their own way, it was a rebellion against their fate.
…The Myogomyogoshugos captured in Emi’s basket suddenly woke up and began screaming all at once.
* * *
“What the!?”
The thieves all turned to look at the bushes at once.
Ah… Ahhhh! I’ve been found out! This is terrible!
I should have run away sooner!
It’s all because I got a bit curious about what that red-haired brat was up to that I stayed too long! Damn it!
And to think, it was the Myogomyogoshugos’ fault!
I shouldn’t have been worrying about keeping them fresh!
I should have killed them before putting them in the basket, then none of this would have happened!
What do I do!? What do we do, Extra-sama!?
<Calm down, Emi! What they’ve noticed is merely the presence of the Myogomyogoshugos! They haven’t realized that you’re here yet!>
“…Hah, what a scare. Just some Myogomyogoshugos.”
The thief with the square face relaxed his guard and sighed.
<See! Let’s stay still here for now.>
Right, Extra-sama!
Once they let their guard down again, we’ll quietly leave this place…!
“No, wait, Tappa. It’s too early to relax.”
Ehhh!?
But the thief with the long face remained on guard!
“Myogomyogoshugos have a strong territorial instinct and don’t usually gather in groups like that. A bunch of Myogomyogoshugos gathered in those bushes?… That’s clearly strange. I know because I’m a Myogomyogoshugo maniac.”
A Myogomyogoshugo maniac!!??
Why does there have to be a maniac with such inconvenient knowledge for me, right here of all places!?
Talk about bad luck to the extreme!!
“…Hey. Is someone there? If you’re there, come out now.”
The biggest, bushiest-bearded thief… their leader, threatened us with a menacing voice.
What do I do!? What should I do!!?
<Stay calm, Emi! Let’s bluff our way through this! Somehow bluff your way through this, please!!>
Ehhh!? Extra-sama, that’s impossible! Umm, errrr…!?
…I take a deep breath, trying to imagine a voice as solemn as possible, and address the thieves…!
Somehow, I must convey that there are no humans here…!
“………………I am……the spirit……of the Myogomyogoshugo
“The spirit of the Myogomyogoshugo!!?”
<IDIOT!! What kind of a bluff is that!! Even if those thieves are foolish! There’s no way they would believe such words!!
But! But!!
I couldn’t think of any other way to bluff!! It can’t be helped!!
If you have complaints, Extra-sama, you should have given more specific advice!!
“Hey, Ander! It’s the spirit of the Myogomyogoshugo!?”
“Ah, Tappa…! To think it actually exists…!!?”
They believed it!!??
These idiots!!
What do you mean “to think it actually exists”? Is there such a legend!!?
Alright! But for now, it’s OK!
I am the spirit of the Myogomyogoshugo!
Let’s continue with this bluff!
“Thieves… I will… bestow upon you… the Myogomyogoshugo…”
“The Myogomyogoshugo!?”
“Why!?”
“We don’t need it!!”
The underlings of the thieves are confused!
“…You should cook them well… and eat them…”
I opened the basket and, with all my might, threw the Myogomyogoshugos at the thieves!
“MYOGO!! MYOGOMYOGOMYOGO!! SHUGOOOOOOO!!!”
“We’re not eating that… Uwahhh!?”
Thrown at the thieves with a sudden loud scream, the multitude of Myogomyogoshugos causes them to instinctively cover their faces with their arms.
…Now’s my chance! Their gaze is diverted!
I burst out of the bushes.
To escape from the thieves.
I turn my back to them and lift my face, ready to run.
And then I realize.
Their leader has circled around and is already blocking my path.
“Take this!!”
“Ugh…!”
The leader kicks me without any hesitation!
What kind of kick is that to a 5-year-old girl!? This isn’t something you should be doing!
If I hadn’t enhanced my body, I would definitely have broken several bones.
…No, in the first place, you shouldn’t be resorting to violence against a child!?
“…You’re quite the filthy spirit, aren’t you?”
The leader mocks me as I roll on the ground.
Filthy, he says? Look in the mirror!
“Ah!? What’s with this brat!?”
The underlings also notice me.
“I always thought you guys were idiots… but I never thought you’d be foolish enough to fall for such a farce…”
While glaring at the underlings, the leader contorts his face in disgust.
The two, intimidated by the prospect of further violence, tremble in fear.
Seeing this, the leader smirks.
“But… well, it’s fine. You should be thankful that you were picked up by such a benevolent leader.”
“Yes!! Thank you very much!!”
Then, with a sleazy and nauseating smile still on his face, the leader turns back to me and says,
“…You’re also pissed off about being played by that red-haired brat, right?… This brat, do as you please. Kill her if you like.”