Bring Down the Ancient Aerial Fortress! 2
* * *
<Ihihi, ihihihi! ‘Feast’, huh, that’s good, it’s certainly a feast! The souls of humans will be served, and we’ll devour them all! Ihihihihihiーーー!>
The Great Evil Spirit, Engee Albitt, apparently liked Megzam’s phrasing and laughed loudly in his high-pitched voice.
<But, partner, don’t misunderstand! Massacring all the humans in this city and devouring their souls! It’ll be very pleasant, but that’s just the beginning of the feast!>
And then, while laughing, he started talking about his terrifying plan!
<After we devour all the souls around here, we’ll casually destroy other towns, and then storm Sardisann! I’ve told you many times, haven’t I? You remember, don’t you!? >
“Ah… to get back Partner’s ‘other masterpiece’, right?”
<That’s right, that’s right, exactlyyyy! Then you’ll be invincible! If we add ‘Soul Devourer’s’ soul absorption mechanism to that, what’s born will be the strongest unit, capable of infinite growth! We’ll use it to kill and devour all living things, and then I’ll… become a transcendent being, capable of devouring even gods!>
Engee screamed in his high-pitched voice, which only Megzam could hear.
‘Becoming a transcendent being’.
That is the true goal of this ‘World’s Weakest Calamity’, the Great Evil Spirit, Engee Albitt!
But Megzam has heard this plan countless times.
So, with slight irritation, he said.
“You talk too much.”
And with just those words, he cut off Engee’s long speech.
His hands were trembling slightly.
Megzam just wants to kill people with this aerial fortress, ‘Soul Conqueror’, as soon as possible.
He wants to devour souls, quickly.
After escaping from that underground ruin, he used the magic sword ‘Soul Devourer’ to kill many people and devour their souls.
Merchants he encountered on the road, villagers living peacefully, adventurers with the flame of justice burning in their hearts, and even his former colleagues who didn’t know their place.
He was completely addicted to the pleasure he felt every time he devoured a soul.
He’s now so dependent on killing… soul-eating… that he’d try to kill anyone he sees if Engee wasn’t there to stop him.
<Ihihi, oh, sorry about that! Well then, shall we begin right awayyy!?>
As soon as Engee said that.
The floor in front of Megzam opened silently… and a panel with various colored buttons, blue, red, green, etc., rose up.
It’s a control panel!
<Now, Partner! First, press the blue round button!>
“…………”
Megzam is starving for souls.
With bloodshot eyes, without any hesitation, he pressed the blue round button, as he was told.
Click.
A pleasant, clicky feel.
But.
“…………”
Nothing happened.
“HEEEEEEEYYYY! ENGEEE, YOUUU BASTAAAAARD! NOTHING’S HAPPENINGGGG!!!”
Megzam, enraged by that alone, stomped his feet on the floor while sitting on the throne, and screamed!
<Ihihi, calm down, calm down, Partner! Look at this!>
But the Great Evil Spirit was unfazed by his anger.
Laughing nonchalantly, he popped up a screen on the display.
It’s some kind of diagram showing the aerial fortress, ‘Soul Conqueror’.
And from that diagram… a red circle, generated from ‘Soul Conqueror’ as its center, was gradually expanding outwards, the process displayed in real-time.
<This red circle is… the 【Soul Absorption Barrier】ーーー!>
“【Soul Absorption Barrier】, you say?”
Megzam glared at the diagram with bloodshot eyes.
<To put it simply, any living being that dies inside this circle will have its soul absorbed by ‘Soul Conqueror’! Without this, the souls of those who die in this world, except for geniuses like me, are automatically reincarnated by that system operated by that idiot Alogoros! It’s an essential step for us to deliciously devour souls! Even though you can’t see it, it’s a very important barrier! Of course, this 【Soul Absorption Barrier】 generator… was invented by me, the ‘Great Inventor of the Century’, Engee Albitt!! Ihihi, as expected of me, a genius even before death! Ihihihihihiーーー!>
“That’s why! You talk! TOO MUCHHHH!!!”
Megzam, spitting, stomped his feet on the floor, cutting off Engee’s self-praise.
Engee loves himself.
If you let him brag, he’ll never stop.
<…Ihihi, well then, Partner… now press the red square button.>
Engee, with a hint of dissatisfaction in his voice from Megzam’s anger, instructed him on the next operation.
Click. When he pressed the designated button, what popped up on the display next was a vertical red bar-like display.
Next to the bar was a number, starting from 0, and as the red bar extended upwards, the number kept increasing.
<This is the 【Red Magical Beam Cannon】! It’s like a beam cannon! Remember the red light slash function of ‘Soul Devourer’? To put it simply, it’s an enhanced version of thatーーー!! When the number reaches 100, it’s ready to fireーーー!!>
“Ooooh…!”
Megzam, his heart pounding, stared at the red bar that continued to extend upwards, his eyes bloodshot.
He couldn’t wait.
He wants to fire that 【Red something】 at the royal capital!
Megzam is currently burning with the desire to kill.
So he can’t wait… he really can’t wait!
<Ihihi, Partner! Wait patiently, okay? While we wait, I think I’ll give a speechーーー!!>
After saying that, Engee’s presence near Megzam suddenly faded.
And then.
<<<IHIHIHIHIHIーーー!!!>>>
Engee’s laugh echoed throughout the Ashgo Kingdom’s royal capital!