Nabokoris, The Corrupt Prime Minister 2
* * *
“AAAAAAAAAAHーーー!?”
Screaming, a mass of flesh… or rather, Kokiatsu… plunges from the sky towards Kiosen and the others!
His figure rapidly grew larger, and he crashed in front of the corrupt soldiers.
But that wasn’t all!
Kokiatsu is incredibly obese, with a comical body shape, a spherical torso covered in fat, with short limbs attached to it.
And just now, he cast the 【Iron Body】 spell, increasing the hardness of his body.
Furthermore, the angle at which he plunged towards the ground was quite sharp…
Goro-goro-goroーーー!!
With that sound, Kokiatsu’s body, still spinning, transformed into a giant, steel, assault, fat ball, and started rolling towards the corrupt soldiers at high speed!
“Uwaah!?”
“Uwaah!?”
“Uwaah!?”
The corrupt soldiers are being knocked away by Kokiatsu, like bowling pins!
And this terrifying, spinning, fat man, every time he knocks away a soldier, slightly changes his trajectory, and then, what a twist of fate… in front of him is… Kiosen, who was about to execute Hectopa!
“Haaaーーー!? What theーーー!?”
Kiosen, facing this sudden crisis born of chance, hurriedly jumped vertically!
He may be rotten to the core, but his skills are real!
He has the physical ability to jump over Kokiatsu!
But… fate was not on his side.
Kokiatsu’s body, just before reaching Kiosen…
“Uwaah!?”
…Bumped into a corrupt soldier, who had tripped and fallen behind, trying to escape, and from that impact…
He bounced high into the air.
“Huh!? No way, youuuーーー!?”
He slammed into Kiosen, who was jumping up to avoid him!
“Uwaah!?”
“Uwaah!?”
“Uwaah!?”
And then, taking Kiosen with him, he continued to spin, landed on the ground!
Knocking down the corrupt soldiers in front of him, he continued straight ahead… and finally stopped moving after crashing into a stone wall of a shop at the edge of the boulevard.
As a result of this whole comical incident…
Not only Kokiatsu, but even Kiosen lost consciousness.
And many of the corrupt soldiers were incapacitated… chance encounters can be scary.
“““““…………”””””
Stunned by this sudden turn of events, both the anti-Prime Minister faction people and Nabokoris were speechless, but…
“N-Now’s our chance! While their defenses are down! Capture Nabokoris, the cancer of the Sky Kingdom, the corrupt prime ministerーーー!!”
The situation started moving again, following the words of activist Hectopa, who was the first to regain his senses, trembling as he stood up and gave the order!
“W-Without the soldiers, we have the advantageーーー!”
“Now’s our chance!”
“Years of resentmentーーー!”
The anti-Prime Minister faction people, knocking down the remaining corrupt soldiers, surged towards Nabokoris, shouting angrily!
“H-H-Haaahーーー!? Why is this happening!? How did this happen!? What did I do wrong!?”
What he did wrong? He’s the one who came all the way to the protest, with that vulgar idea of wanting to laugh at the anti-Prime Minister faction, who are being oppressed and suffering!
But that aside… the current situation is a desperate crisis for Nabokoris.
Of course, Nabokoris immediately chose to run away!
He narrowly escaped from the anti-Prime Minister faction, who had turned into a mob, and hid in a side street, running, his jaw wobbling!
* * *
“Haa… haa… haa…!”
And Nabokoris’ escape was surprisingly successful.
Perhaps adrenaline kicked in, but he ran at a speed that belied his physique, and escaped from the anti-Prime Minister mob.
He’s currently hiding in the shadow of a garbage dump in a back alley, catching his breath.
“Where is he!? Where did that bastard go!?”
“He’s not here!?”
“…!”
The anti-Prime Minister faction, shouting, ran past the garbage bins he was hiding behind.
“…Huuーーー!”
Nabokoris, after confirming that the footsteps were completely gone, let out a large sigh and leaned against the pile of garbage, exhausted.
“Hey, Prime Minister-sama! You look terrible.”
“H-Haa!?”
But at that moment!
Someone suddenly spoke to Nabokoris!
He jumped in surprise and hurriedly turned towards the voice.
And then, seeing the three men standing there… Nabokoris breathed a sigh of relief.
“You’re late! Where were you hiding… ‘The Atrocious Raws Brothers’!!”
Yes, the three men standing there are… the Atrocious Raws Brothers!
They’re heinous criminals, wanted all over the Fantasy Continent, and Nabokoris is currently employing them because of their combat skills… as his secret bodyguards!
“What do you mean! It’s not like we can show our faces in broad daylight!?”
The one who said that, laughing, is Naguriko Raws, the eldest of the Atrocious Raws Brothers!
He’s a vicious murderer who immediately beats to death anyone who displeases him, and he’s tall, muscular, and bald, with no eyebrows, scary!
“Ki-ki-ki, but don’t worry, ki-ki! We’ll protect you from now on! We’ll slash anyone who comes near, ki-ki-ki-ki!”
The one who said that, laughing in a high-pitched voice, following Naguriko’s words, is Kiriko Raws, the second son of the Atrocious Raws Brothers!
He’s a vicious murderer who immediately slashes anyone who displeases him, hunched over, short, and thin, but he always walks, dragging his unsheathed sword on the ground, his long and messy hair completely covers his face, making it impossible to read his expression, scary!
“Gu, guuuー! I’m hungry, guuuー!”
The one who said that, ignoring the context, groaning his stomach, is Kuiko Raws, the nefarious third of the Atrocious Raws Brothers!
He’s a vicious murderer who eats anyone whenever he’s hungry, boasting a body covered in fat that rivals even Naguriko’s, constantly drooling, staring into space with unfocused eyes, and his expression shows no sense of any rationality, scary!
“Anyway, we’ll do the job we were paid to do! We’ll escort you to the palace through the back alleys!”
“Ki-ki-ki, we’ll kill them all! Everyone who comes near!”
“Guuuuー! Can I eat you? Guuuuuー!”
Saying that, the Raws Brothers unleashed their killing intent, so powerful that it made the air tremble!
“O-Oh! Just as you’d expect from the Atrocious Raws Brothers! So reliable!”
Nabokoris, although trembling from their killing intent, distorted his face lewdly, imagining the anti-Prime Minister faction being mercilessly killed by these three brothers!
“Now, escort me to the safety of the palace! Kill any trash that gets in your way! NAAAAH HAHAHAHA!!”
“Yeah! Leave it to us!”
“Ki-ki-ki, we’ll kill them, we’ll kill them!”
“Guuuー!”
And then, Nabokoris stood up and was about to start walking towards Neverfall Royal Palace, where many soldiers loyal to him still remain.
But… it was at that moment!
That Nabokoris was once again victimized by Emi’s unintentional intervention!
What happened at that moment?
BAGYUUN!!
With that sound, shattering the cobblestones of the back alley, a spherical object suddenly shot out from the ground!
It’s a white orb.
The orb that the Three Knights of the Royal Guard were carrying and guarding, as a key to advance from the Trial Room, but Emi took it from them, and because she ignored the gimmick and kicked the door down, it became useless, so she threw it away…
And that orb, which shot out of the ground… oh, how unfortunate!
As if aiming for it… it hit Naguriko Raws right in the groin!
“AAAAHN!?”
An indescribable pain suddenly assaulted Naguriko!
Naguriko, foaming at the mouth, his eyes rolling back… fainted and collapsed, without even knowing what had happened!
“B-Brother!?”
Kiriko Raws was bewildered, seeing that!
He had never seen Naguriko like this before.
To him, Naguriko is a symbol of strength, someone who would never kneel… the embodiment of violence.
And yet, Naguriko was felled by a sudden attack(?).
He didn’t understand.
It’s only natural that he’d be bewildered.
But, in hindsight… Kiriko should have immediately run away, before he could be bewildered by his brother’s fallen figure.
Because…
BAGYUUN!!
A second white orb shot out of the ground, and by chance, that orb directly hit Kiriko Raws, who was standing there, right in the groin!
“AAAAHN!?”
An indescribable pain suddenly assaulted Kiriko!
Kiriko, foaming at the mouth, his eyes rolling back… fainted and collapsed, without even knowing what had happened!
BAGYUUN!!
“AAAAHN!?”
Oh, and next to him, another white orb shot out of the ground, and by chance, that one also directly hit Kuiko Raws in the groin!
Kuiko, foaming at the mouth, his eyes rolling back… fainted and collapsed, without even knowing what had happened!
“What the hell was that!?”
What an absurd situation, created by chance!
Nabokoris, seeing the Atrocious Raws Brothers foaming at the mouth and collapsing before his eyes, screamed!
“Ah! There he isーーー!!”
“He’s over there! Get hiiim!!”
“H-Haaaahーーー!?”
And that scream echoed surprisingly well, and Nabokoris was immediately discovered by Hectopa and the anti-Prime Minister faction!
Of course, he can’t be captured!
Nabokoris, forcing his tired body to move, started running away again!