The Third Woman, Emi Rune 2
* * *
“Hey, relax. I’m a traveler. Emi Rune. Who are you?”
Emi, taking a liking to Shimegamamo, sat down with her legs stretched out in front of her, and introduced herself.
Shimegamamo, on the other hand, recognizes Emi as a completely superior being.
Therefore, she thought she had no choice but to obey her words, as long as they didn’t violate her pride, so she sat cross-legged, her body tense and stiff.
“Shimegamamo… The last one… of the clan that protects this Great Grassland of Beginnings.”
She returned the introduction.
And Emi, hearing that—
“Annoying.”
She said that, grumpily.
“Eee… !?”
What an unreasonable reaction!
Shimegamamo involuntarily braced herself, but Emi sighed, and lowered her head slightly.
“Sorry. Shimegamamo isn’t annoying… I was just talking to myself.”
That’s right, she apologized, giving a strange excuse that didn’t make much sense.
And then, Emi, still sitting, extended her tentacles from her shoulders, and started rummaging through the grass behind her.
“Piih!?”
A few seconds later, a Stone Head Rabbit was caught by a tentacle, and carried to Emi and Shimegamamo.
“…………”
Emi quickly killed the rabbit, casually roasted it using her special ability, roughly removed the internal organs, and then presented it in front of Shimegamamo.
“Here, a token of our friendship.”
“…………”
Shimegamamo stared at the rabbit, and broke out in a cold sweat.
The outside is burnt black, but the inside is clearly undercooked.
There’s no way she can eat this…
“This is… too much for me…”
Shimegamamo said that, lowered her head, and didn’t touch the burnt, undercooked rabbit meat.
“Is that so?”
Emi didn’t seem particularly offended, and since it would be a waste to leave the meat, she ate it, bones and all, in Shimegamamo’s place.
“Then, this… Here you go.”
Next, Emi plucked and gathered flowers and grass that were growing nearby, and offered them to Shimegamamo.
“…………”
Shimegamamo stared at the flowers and grass, and broke out in a cold sweat.
As someone who lives in this grassland, she has a wealth of knowledge about plants.
And that knowledge is screaming a warning.
This is all poisonous…
“This is… too much for me…”
Shimegamamo said that, lowered her head, and didn’t touch the freshly-picked poisonous plant salad.
“Is that so?”
Emi didn’t seem particularly offended, and since it would be a waste to leave the salad, she ate it all, in Shimegamamo’s place.
Now, Shimegamamo was secretly getting impatient, even as they continued their exchanges.
Because the survey team led by Kalamaruyu is still advancing through the forbidden ground.
What lies ahead is the secret that her clan has been ordered to protect for generations.
And…
“O strong one!!”
Unable to stay put any longer because of her impatience, Shimegamamo prostrated herself again, and shouted.
Emi, surprised by the sudden outburst, just stared at Shimegamamo blankly, munching on the poisonous plants in silence.
“With all due respect, I’d like to excuse myself from this place!”
“Eh, why?”
Emi, since Shimegamamo wouldn’t accept the token of her friendship, was thinking ‘Maybe I’ll dig up some bugs that gnaw on grass roots (they’re sweet when roasted)’, so she was a little displeased by the request to leave.
So she asked that, her tone a little thorny.
She also leaked a little 【Intimidation】.
But Shimegamamo didn’t back down.
“To protect my clan’s rules… and to fulfill my mission!”
Shimegamamo, looking straight at Emi, without succumbing to her 【Intimidation】, declared that.
“Hmm.”
Emi, hearing that—
…Wasn’t just going to nod obediently.
“What are your clan’s rules? What mission?”
Because Emi…
And also Extra-sama, who has been making a fuss inside Emi’s head for some reason…
They became interested in Shimegamamo’s circumstances.