【Adventurer Mitran】Discovering the Golden Pyramid in a Life-or-Death Situation
* * *
“Whaaat!? H-Hold on a second, hold!”
I was so surprised that I involuntarily foamed at the mouth and protested their conclusion!
“Charge… into the stampede!? W-What are you saying!?”
“Calm down, Mitran-kun. This is the course of action with the highest probability of survival… Look at that horde of magical creatures.”
But Leseida-san, her face deathly serious despite the cold sweat, pointed at the horde of magical creatures.
Scorpions, worms, lizards, large snakes, Desert Topopolocks, and sea anemones with legs…
A variety of magical creatures are there.
Kicking up sand… they’re much closer than before.
“They’re spread out horizontally, aren’t they?”
Since I didn’t understand what Leseida-san was trying to say, she immediately gave me the answer, probably because time is of the essence.
Certainly, they’re spread out horizontally.
A horde of magical creatures, from one end of my vision to the other.
It’s… a sight I don’t want to believe.
“In cases like this, the vertical depth of the stampede is shallow. This is clear from past literature.”
“Shallow…? Y-You mean!?”
“I mean…!”
And here, Harishurap-san joined the conversation.
Harishurap-san has returned to his usual self, and in a cheerful tone, he turned to me, pushed up his sunglasses, stared at me…
“I’ll leave it to you… Miss.”
…And grinned.
A drop of sweat trickled down his forehead.
“Leave what to me…?”
Just as I was about to ask that—!
“Hahhaa!!!”
Harishurap-san, without answering me, laughed loudly, pulled the reins, and turned Lady’s head… towards the stampede!
And then, he started charging straight… towards the horde of magical creatures!
“Wa, wa, wa, HIIIIIIH!?”
The horde of magical creatures, like a wall, is approaching rapidly!
I screamed, my eyes tearing up!
“Take a deep breath, Mitran-kun!”
Leseida-san, hugging me from behind, shouted into my ear, loud enough to be heard over the wind!
“The vertical depth of this horde of magical creatures is shallow! But as you can see, there are many magical creatures at the front! So I want you to use magic to create a wind tunnel, large enough for us to pass through, in that wall of magical creatures!”
“That’s… impossible, impossible, it’s impossible!”
“It’s not impossible! I know! You’re strong! You’re the strongest bodyguard I know! You can definitely do it!”
“No!? No, no, no!? That’s…!”
“Mitran-kun!”
Here, Leseida-san let go of me and turned me around.
There’s Leseida-san’s beautiful face.
Leseida-san, looking straight at me with her clear eyes, said—
“I’m counting on you… I believe in you, Mitran-kun.”
“Uu…”
…This is ridiculous, Leseida-san, Harishurap-san.
“Uuu…!”
I don’t know what to do… when you have such high expectations of me.
Even though I’m a reincarnated person with cheats.
I’m originally just an unremarkable high school student, you know?
I’m not a hero or anything…!
“Uuuu…!”
‘I believe in you’…
If you say that…
“Uuuuuuuuu…!!”
I can’t help but want to live up to your expectations!!
I left Leseida-san and moved to the front of the sled.
I wiped away the tears blurring my vision.
And then, I stared straight ahead.
Dodododododo…!
That rumbling sound is coming from the direction we’re heading.
The horde of magical creatures is already quite close.
Rampaging, occasionally attacking each other… they’re surging towards us.
“Haa… Fuu…”
I slowly took a deep breath, and exhaled…
I forced myself to calm down.
It’s okay… It’ll be okay, right…?
I’m counting on you, my cheat, 【Super Combat Instinct】!!
Because I’ll… protect everyone!!
“‘Wind, become a storm! And storm, weave a spear! Become an invincible great spear that pierces through everything! 【Storm Javelin】!’”
To carve a path, I unleashed advanced wind magic!
The spear of wind, woven before my eyes, flew straight ahead… and blew away the horde of magical creatures, creating a path!
“Hahhaa! The wall has crumbled! Charge, Lady!”
“KYUUURUUURUUUPPIIIIIIIIII!!”
And Lady, the pill-bug, charged into that path with a spirited cry!
“Mitran-kun! That magic just now… can you use it again!?”
“O-Of course! ‘Wind, become a storm! And storm, weave a spear! Become an invincible great spear that pierces through everything! 【Storm Javelin】!’”
“““““GOGAGYAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!?”””””
Even though it’s advanced magic that consumes a lot of mana, I can use it repeatedly!
The terrifying screams of the magical creatures, and my trembling knees from fear!
Ignoring all that, I kept unleashing magic!
“‘Wind, become a storm! And storm, weave a spear! Become an invincible great spear that pierces through everything! 【Storm Javelin】!’”
“““““GOGAGYAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!?”””””
…Of course, things don’t always go smoothly.
As I focused on unleashing magic, and became defenseless… magical creatures attacked me from the sides, one after another!
“UNIIIIIIIIIIIIH!!”
Now, from the horde of magical creatures… a Cannon Urchin burst out with incredible speed!
But!
“I’m not just being protected!”
Leseida-san blocked it with the large wooden shield attached to the sled!
“Leseida-san!”
“Let me show you that I can be reliable like an older sister once in a while!”
Leseida-san, saying that… although she must be scared… smiled!
…Like that, I kept unleashing magic, and we repelled the magical creatures attacking from the sides.
I don’t know how many times we repeated that.
Gradually, the density of magical creatures around us started to decrease.
Now, the rest is up to Harishurap-san.
“Hahhaa!!”
Harishurap-san, laughing cheerfully, moved Lady left and right, skillfully avoiding the magical creatures.
The number of magical creatures around us has decreased enough for him to do that.
In other words, we…
“We’re through… we broke through the stampede…!”
My tense nerves snapped.
I involuntarily slumped onto the floor of the sled…
“Well done, Miss! It was a piece of cake!”
“It… wasn’t a piece of cake at all…”
The timing of unleashing magic.
And intercepting the attacking magical creatures.
It was all incredibly difficult…!
I don’t want to do this again if possible…!
“But it’s still too early to let our guard down.”
But here, beside me, completely exhausted, Leseida-san started saying something terrifying!
The wandering mage Nenesane was also pondering with her hand on her chin…!
“Wh-What do you mean!?”
“Don’t you think this horde of magical creatures is… a little too desperate? As if they’re running away from something…”
“Hih!? You mean… !?”
“There might be… the source ahead. Something… capable of causing such panic among this many magical creatures…!”
“Hieh… !?”
I gasped at Leseida-san’s speculation… and then!
“Hmm!?”
Harishurap-san noticed something, pushed up his sunglasses, and glared ahead…
“HAAA!?”
—And let out a strange voice!
“What is it now!”
“What is it now… look ahead, Miss!!”
And he urged me to look!
“Eh… EEEEEH!?”
…Looking ahead as I was urged… I couldn’t help but scream.
Because, at the rear of this stampede—
Kicking up sand, as if chasing the magical creatures, it’s—!
It’s as huge as a mountain!
Shining golden in the sunlight!
And… it’s shaped like a pyramid!
…In other words!
“The… Golden Pyramid!?”
It’s undoubtedly the objective of our journey!
The very Golden Pyramid that we’ve been searching for!