The third-layer Qi Refining cultivator was killed by Lan Chang'an alone.
He enjoyed the spoils of war, and the Mu family cultivators had no objections.
"Lan Chang'an, well done!"
Mu Yunfei wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, unable to help but look at Lan Chang'an with admiration.
Several Mu family cultivators were surprised that Lan Chang'an had killed a third-level Qi Refining cultivator.
But it wasn't too shocking.
In addition to being a cultivator, Lan Chang'an was also a martial arts expert, and the target he killed was just a new recruit of the Zheng Clan who had no real combat experience.
"To be able to survive under the pursuit of a mid-stage Qi Refinement, his heart and guts are not bad. He is quite a talent."
The head of the Mu family lamented inwardly.
These immortal seedlings eliminated by the sects had already proven their limited potential and future achievements.
Even if there were found someone with hidden talents among them, the Mu family wouldn't focus on nurturing them because for cultivation families, the most important thing was loyalty, and immortal seedlings were chosen and nurtured from young bloodline heirs to cultivate.
Lan Chang'an had missed the best age for nurturing loyalty.
That's also why sect assessments had age requirements, not just because of potential.
"Poor bastard." Lan Chang'an finished counting the spoils of war.
Apart from the inferior magical weapon, he also obtained three and a half spirit stones and a tier-one inferior Wind Walking Talisman.
He didn't even have a storage bag.
"I see, so this is the current situtaion of cultivators at the bottom of the cultivation world."
Lan Chang'an knew that this harvest was normal. The person he killed was just a new recruit from the Zheng family at the early stage of Qi Refining.
At this moment, a sound broke through the air.
Seven or eight Mu family cultivators flew from the direction of Feiyue Lake.
"Maode, what's the situation?"
The leader was a tall figure dressed in black robes, with eyes like eagles, his body exuding powerful mana fluctuations.
"Second Elder!" Mu Yunfei and the others respectfully bowed.
The incoming person was the second elder of the Mu family, Mu Renlong.
At the ninth level of Qi Refining, among the older generation of the Mu family, he had the most potential to advance to the Foundation Establishment stage.
"Zheng Wugong and his men attacked us. Fortunately, I brought the unicorn beast with me as a trump card, otherwise we would have suffered a big loss..."
Upon seeing Mu Renlong, the head of the Mu family breathed a sigh of relief.
As he recounted, he subconsciously glanced at Lan Chang'an.
In fact, Lan Chang'an did not get a lot of credit.
If it weren't for him killing one person and delaying the ugly woman at the fourth level of Qi Refining for a moment, the Zheng family's plan would have succeeded.
"Are these the batch of immortal seedlings?"
Mu Renlong's powerful aura swept over.
"Greetings Elder."
The surviving youths felt a sudden pressure, breaking out in cold sweat.
Lan Chang'an timely showed reverence, bowing slightly.
Mu Renlong only glanced briefly, and the pressure quickly dissipated.
"Father, you're not hurt, are you?"
A melodious and gentle voice sounded.
It was as if spring water was flowing from the heart, bringing a pleasant mood.
The surviving youths subconsciously looked over.
It was a graceful young girl.
With delicate eyebrows and a snow-like complexion, she exuded an elegant aura.
Wearing a long skirt and shoes, her bright eyes and white teeth were pure and elegant.
The surviving youths were slightly stunned, having never seen such a graceful and beautiful girl before.
"Xiuyun, why did you come! Father is fine, just exhausted from mana consumption..."
Mu Maode's expression was serious, but a hint of affection couldn't be hidden in his eyes.
Xiuyun, Mu Xiuyun.
The youths silently etched the name of the Mu family's young lady into their minds.
Lan Chang'an also took a glance at Mu Xiuyun.
Despite the special nature of the Nine Seal Stele, although he had experienced two reincarnations, he did not have the mindset of an old monster of hundreds of years of age.
His original heart remained unchanged, just like at the beginning of his first reincarnation, he can still feel joy, anger, sorrow, and happiness, and appreciate beauty.
It's just that he had seen too much, making it difficult for ordinary beauties to move him.
...
Along the vast Feiyue Lake, the group headed towards the Mu family's residence.
Mu Maode and Mu Renlong flew ahead.
"Renlong, the attack from the Zheng family might not just be aimed at intercepting this batch of immortal seedlings. They took such a big risk; perhaps they want to test the Patriarch..."
Mu Maode's tone was heavy, with a worried expression.
"Hmph! This group of jumping clowns! Their patriarch is not lightly injured either. How dare they come to provoke our Mu family in our own base? We must retaliate!"
Mu Renlong's face was filled with killing intent.
The head of the Mu family shook his head, "We must consider this carefully! Our young and middle-aged cultivators are not as good as those from the Zheng family; we must not fall into their trap."
The Mu family's territory was built along the lake, scattered with villages and manors all around.
The real core of the territory was the Moonheart Island in the center of Feiyue Lake.
Below Moonheart Island was a second-grade spiritual vein for Foundation Establishment cultivators to cultivate.
Lan Chang'an and the others, being outsiders, naturally didn't qualify to enter Moonheart Island.
They were placed in the Feiyue Manor on the lakeside.
This manor was the closest to Moonheart Island, only about twenty miles away.
There were two first-grade spiritual branches underneath the manor, which were branches of the second grade spiritual vein located on the Moonheart Island.
"A superior-grade first-rank formation, the Water Curtain Light Shadow Formation."
Lan Chang'an could see through the layout at a glance.
A layer of transparent ripples, hard to see with the naked eye, enveloped the entire Feiyue Manor, providing concealment, protection, and alert functions.
"You guys can feel at ease cultivating in the Mu family."
Before leaving, the head of the Mu family said to the six immortal seedlings, "As long as you fulfill the conditions mentioned before, you will be free to stay and go in the future. If you wish to stay in the Mu family, we will treat you as a part of our own."
"Yunfei, settle them down."
After finishing his instructions, Mu Maode, dressed in green, flew towards Moonheart Island in the heart of the family's territory.
"Follow me to get your identity tokens."
Leading the way, Mu Yunfei introduced the situation of Feiyue Manor.
The Mu family's immortal seedlings, as well as middle and lower-level cultivators, practiced here all year round.
Mu Yunfei was no exception.
Only those with cultivation above the seventh level of Qi Refining were qualified to apply for residency in Moonheart Island, where the heart of the second grade spiritual vein was located.
On the way, they encountered strange gazes from Mu family members.
Some whispered behind their backs, there was no lack of playful, contemptuous gazes.
Lan Chang'an was mentally prepared.
After all, they were outsiders, here for…marrrying into their family. Moreover, the inclunsiveness of cultivaiton families were inherently inferior to that of sects.
To Lan Changan's understanding, if sects were rather multinational corporations, then cultivation familes were akin to family businesses.
......
Two hours later.
Lan Chang'an and the others received their identity tokens.
Each person chose a single courtyard residence.
The residence was only one floor, not large, with a courtyard occupying about half an acre of land.
"With the spiritual energy provided by the first-order spiritual vein, it barely qualifies as a small cultivation site."
Lan Chang'an settled down, feeling much more relaxed.
So what if he was a parasite? As long as there was a place to cultivate, wasn't it great to freeload?
He chose a more remote area, closer to the shore of Feiyue Lake, but with more humidity.
Li Ergou deliberately chose a courtyard next to Lan Chang'an's, only a few tens of meters away.
"This silly boy."
Lan Chang'an chose a remote area to cultivate quietly and avoid interacting with others.
However, Li Ergou was simple-minded, and there was no need to bicker with him.
The night was uneventful.
Lan Chang'an practiced the Ancient Trees Evergreen Technique, and his entire body seemed to transform into a piece of withered wood, blending in with the grass and trees in the compound.
...
The next day, Lan Chang'an's cultivation was interrupted.
The Mu family wanted to welcome them as "new members" and organised a banquet.
Everyone had to attend.
"Welcome banquet?"
Lan Chang'an didn't need to think to know it wouldn't be that simple.
Feiyue Manor, in a spacious hall.
Six young outsiders, seated at separate tables, were treated to delicacies and fine wines.
On the carpet in the middle of the hall, dozens of young maidens came in one after another, each with a graceful figure, varying from slim to plump.
For a while, the hall was overflowing with fragrance.
Each girl was beautiful and elegant, without the flashy makeup of the common folk.
Some were gentle and graceful, smiling without showing their teeth.
Some had a cold temperament, dressed in white like snow.
Or graceful and charming, with a pure and elegant temperament.
There were also those with voluptuous figures, wearing gauzy veils, enchanting and soul-stirring...
"These are the outstanding mortal girls from my Mu family. Each one of them has been nurtured by secular great scholars, knowledgeable and polite, proficient in zither, chess, calligraphy, and painting..."
"You can rest assured that they are all pure!"
A steward of the Mu family sat at the head of the table, smiling.
"Today, they are here to welcome you and accompany you. If you encounter someone you like, I'll congratulate you in advance."
Without the steward's instructions, these beautiful and elegant Mu girls went to each separate table.
They served tea and poured wine, recited poems and played music.
With fragrant mouths, they played the zither and blew the flute.
Most of these Mu girls were the descendants of cultivators in the Mu family. They were not servants within the clan and had some status and autonomy.
They came voluntarily, choosing the disciples they favored among the batch.
Lan Chang'an, with his medium-grade spiritual root and exceptional looks, attracted several beautiful Mu girls.
Lan Chang'an remained expressionless, waving off all the approaching beauties.
Drinking his wine alone, no one approached him again.
It was Li Ergou who, with several Mu girls accompanying him, blushed and nervously touched the waist of a wonderful young girl, attracting a burst of laughter and chatter.
...
An hour later, the welcome banquet ended.
Li Ergou fell in love with a fair-skinned young girl of Mu family.
"Big brother Lan, how about the bride I chose?"
Li Ergou came over, unable to hide the excitement on his face.
Lan Chang'an thought to himself, why are you asking for my opinion when picking a bride?
"What do you like about her?"
The person Li Ergou chose could only be considered middle to low class in terms of looks and temperament amongst these beautiful young women.
"She looks like Cuihua!"
"She's the village flower in our village! Morever, she's even more beautiful than Cuihua..."
Li Ergou was very satisfied.
"Not bad." Lan Chang'an said after a moment of silence, nodding slightly.
He then asked, "When will you get married?"
Li Ergou rubbed his hands nervously, "The steward said if we're in a hurry, we can hold the banquet and enter the bridal chamber tonight."
Lan Chang'an: "....."
(End of chapter)