Although Situ Mo had only sustained injuries, the fortunate news was that the monk could no longer stir up trouble.
Li Yuanjiao declined Kong Tingyun's invitation. The group did not linger on Yuezhou Island; they headed straight north across the Scarlet Pristine Sea.
Kong Tingyun escorted them all the way out of her territory before returning on the clouds. In high spirits, she hummed a few tunes. When she saw her subordinates approaching respectfully, she quickly recomposed herself.
It seemed like Mutuo had failed to deduce Brother Jiao's strength! The Li Family is certainly impressive… Did Xiao Chuting secretly involve himself in this, or was it another Purple Mansion Realm cultivator behind this? Li Yuanjiao's fate remains a mystery; I wonder if he's like Liu Changdie and Tu Longjian…
In any case, Kong Tingyun had made a good move. Not only had she suppressed the enemy, but she had also solidified her relationship with the Li Family, killing two birds with one stone. Riding the wind back to Yuezhou Island, she was looking forward to a good night's sleep.
Meanwhile, the Li Family flew toward their destination. Li Qinghong appeared relaxed, but Li Yuanjiao's expression darkened as they left the Kong Family's territory. His brows knitted together in suspicion.
Noticing her brother's unease, Li Qinghong whispered, "What's wrong, Brother?"
Li Yuanjiao tightened his grip on his sword and replied in a deep voice, "Something's off about Kong Tingyun's strength… When I ambushed the Hooked Serpent with her in Lake Xian, she was far less powerful than she is today. If she had such strength then, a mere demon like the Hooked Serpent—even at the mid-stage of Foundation Establishment Realm—wouldn't have stood a chance against her golden mountain. Why would she require my assistance and share the spoils?"
Li Qinghong considered this for a moment before nodding in agreement.
"I'm thinking that it might be the effect of that talisman. She uses it without any hesitation, so it's clearly not a rare item for her. Her identity may be more significant than we realize."
Li Yuanjiao ran his fingers along his sword, murmuring, "Indeed. I believe Daoist Master Changxi is trying to show goodwill. Kong Tingyun may be his junior; but she was quite generous in lending the formation against the Hooked Serpent, only coming to take it back after two years… I thought it was just a coincidence at the time, but now there's finally an explanation."
"It's not necessarily a bad thing after all," Li Qinghong commented.
Whether Daoist Master Changxi was showing goodwill toward Xiao Chuting or toward himself, there was no malice present, and the Li Family could only accept it silently.
It's confirmed that as long as one possesses the immortal mirror, they can not only break their fate but also thwart divine abilities and investigations… I wonder how high its inherent rank is.
Li Yuanjiao reflected, then glanced at his younger sister, who was also deep in thought, evidently considering the same matters. Kongheng hung his head in silence the entire time.
After flying over the sea for a while, Li Yuanjiao took out the sea chart to study it carefully.
The largest island in the Eastern Sea was as vast as Yue State. There were also numerous gates and powerful demons in Yinzhou in the east. The Li Family did not plan to venture there; instead, they aimed to find a remote island to the south.
Li Yuanjiao surveyed the area for a moment before summoning an Embryonic Breathing Realm fish demon with his immortal foundation. As it gurgled and released bubbles, he turned back to the group and said, "There's a water vein flowing south not far from here; we can take that route."
The group followed the water vein and, after three days, broke through the surface of the sea, reaching the southernmost end of the Scarlet Pristine Sea where it connected to the coast of the Great Xiukui Temple. The sky was overcast, and distant thunder rumbled ominously.
Li Yuanjiao looked up to see the mountain gate of the Great Xiukui Temple to the west which was shrouded in black rain, with faint thunder-like sounds echoing in the air.
"Someone is either breaking through to the Purple Mansion Realm, or a Purple Mansion Realm cultivator has perished!" he remarked.
"Jun'er is at home. If someone truly breaks through the Purple Mansion Realm, he will send someone to offer congratulatory gifts. There's no need to worry," Li Qinghong replied.
It was the first time the group had witnessed such a vast celestial phenomenon, visible even across the Eastern Sea. Li Yuanjiao stared at it for a bit longer before returning his attention to the sea chart in his hand.
After a long pause, he said, "In this area, we're far away from the disputed seas, at the corner of the Scarlet Pristine Sea. While it may be distant, it's safe due to the sparse population."
After discussing for a while, the group dispersed to search for suitable islands to settle on. Li Yuanjiao headed straight south, scanning the surroundings. He found several small islands; the largest was only the size of a town, while the smallest measured about ten li in radius.
Though the earth vein could be activated to expand the island gradually, there were no experts like those in the Profound Peak Gate, and bringing someone over would be quite troublesome. As a result, Li Yuanjiao felt little inclination to pursue that option.
After flying for a considerable distance, a small island soon came into view. It appeared relatively flat and was covered by only a mid-stage Qi Cultivation Realm formation.
Estimating that the island was about half the size of the Li Family's estate, he landed on it and knocked on the ground tentatively.
Zong Yan rode the wind and toured the island before returning to the hall where his subordinates brought forth a boy.
"Island Master, this is the boy born on the night of Kuiyin, as recorded on the island," they said respectfully.
Zong Yan lifted the boy's clothes to confirm that he indeed had a belly button. He then took out two vials of blood qi from his storage pouch and said kindly, "You will live in the side hall from now on. Make sure you remember to take this medicine every three days. Do not forget about it."
The boy nodded obediently, and Zong Yan dismissed him.
Visibly relaxed, he smiled as he remarked, "Fortunately, I've registered every single one of them back then; otherwise, I wouldn't know how long it would take me to search for them on such short notice."
"My lord is wise," his subordinates replied, cupping his fist.
"After dealing with that bluefish, the rest will be much easier to handle," he added.
Zong Yan nodded repeatedly but was suddenly interrupted by a man scrambling into the hall. His eyes were red and choked with emotion as he wailed, "My lord! My lord! There is another Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator outside! He looks sinister! Something bad is going to happen!"
Zong Yan's face turned pale instantly, and he staggered backward. After a moment, he stepped forward, muttering, "Why is another one here? This is bad... I wonder how many people this one will take."
Pale and anxious, he hurried out to meet the newcomer. He deactivated the formation and looked up, spotting a figure hovering in the air.
The man indeed looked rather sinister, with gray eyes under eyebrows that were too close together. His eyes were slightly narrowed, resembling those of a serpent dragon. His black robe fluttered in the wind, and a tightly wrapped sword hung at his waist, concealing its shape.
Zong Yan steeled himself and stepped forward, bowing as deeply as he could as he said humbly, "Zong Yan greets the Exalted Immortal. We are quite terrified that you have come to our island..."
Li Yuanjiao glanced at him, noting that the man was only at the seventh heavenly layer of the Qi Cultivation Realm. The mortals on the island looked up at him, and he estimated that there were over five thousand people present, which satisfied him greatly.
It is truly troublesome to move mortals here. There aren't many places to settle in this vast ocean… Five thousand people here is just right.
Zong Yan felt relieved to see that he was in good spirits. But when Li Yuanjiao observed the gathered mortals, Zong Yan grew nervous again.
He seems like one that cultivates the immortal foundation Realm. He has no injuries and doesn't seem to be looking for people. Hopefully, he won't demand for too many…
As Li Yuanjiao landed on the island's peak, all the mortals paused in their activities, looking up with concern. Zong Yan spoke tentatively, "My lord, this is Zongquan Island, and I serve Dingyuan the Dragon Son under the jurisdiction of Water Mansion."
Every island in the Eastern Sea was required to pay tribute to the demon clans. Having heard of these rules, Li Yuanjiao asked casually, "How much tribute does this Dragon Son demand at a time?"
Zong Yan replied, puzzled, "Three hundred mortals or three medicine-humans."
Li Yuanjiao frowned and asked, "He wants only humans?"