Li Qinghong arrived at Splitreed Island discreetly. She first went to Azure Pond Sect's marketplace, where she spent some time searching for a restaurant to gather information.
After a few detailed inquiries, she eventually learned that the Azure Pond Sect's cultivator serving as the town guard of this place was named Ning Heyuan.
This person!
Li Qinghong vaguely remembered this descendant of the Ning Family. Years ago, while she was cultivating on Mount Yuting, Ning Heyuan had passed through. He had pretended to be a rogue cultivator and challenged her to a spar. His mastery over techniques and spells was formidable, and he had a rather arrogant personality.
She continued to ask about the strange natural phenomena but found no one with knowledge of it. Every time she brought up the topic of the darkened sky in the region, the Eastern Sea cultivators only guessed that something huge had happened, yet none knew the cause of these strange phenomena.
"It seems like this information is known only to the Purple Mansion Realm cultivators and their trusted allies... It'll likely take more than a year for this to spread."
Li Qinghong circled the marketplace, piecing together the information she managed to gather.
Looks like the True Monarch from the Yue Cultivating Sect was behind that… I wonder if he has any fruition attainment... The Yue Cultivating Sect is said to be the strongest out of the three sects, so this True Monarch must be quite a figure.
If it weren't for the Talisman Seed protecting me, I'd probably have forgotten about the scene I just witnessed... After all, those below Purple Mansion Realm are not even qualified to know about that! No wonder I haven't heard of any Golden Core Realm cultivators's activities in years. Even if a lower-ranked cultivator had seen them, they would probably forget the encounter.
As she continued strolling through the market, noting that the materials in the Eastern Sea were vastly different from those in the mainland, two green-clad cultivators speaking in hushed tones caught her attention.
"I heard the marketplace's owner is returning to report to the immortal sect. Who did the sect send to take his place?"
"I heard it'll be the Golden Bowstring from the southern border… He's a strong and fierce man."
Another cultivator, picking items from a nearby cabinet, whispered, "Several newcomers sent by the sect just arrived at my camp. They took that Daoist's jade ship here... Those guys truly got lucky. That Daoist even revealed a few secrets to them."
The man beside him grew curious and impatiently asked, "What secrets?"
"How should I know?"
The green-clad cultivator rolled his eyes, then leaned closer and whispered, "I've only heard that this Daoist is Daoist Master Yuan Su's right-hand man. Even the marketplace owner shows him respect..."
Li Qinghong listened to the two cultivators' conversation and immediately understood that the Daoist in question was the elder of her family. Her lips curled up into a smirk.
Second Uncle has really become so powerful... To think that even Ning Heyuan has to show him respect now…!
Ning Heyuan had once caused a scene on Mount Yuting, leaving a deep impression on her. Now that she had confirmed that her elder was in this very marketplace, she left the building and sought out the person in charge of this place.
This manager from the Azure Pond Sect had overseen the marketplace for many years and was well-versed in the ways of the world.
As soon as he saw Li Qinghong, dressed in jade armor with a shiny spear, he recognized she was no ordinary Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator. He smiled warmly and approached her with a humble demeanor.
Upon hearing that she was looking for Li Xuanfeng, he spoke even more respectfully in her presence.
"The Daoist is extremely busy and usually has no time to meet most people. Perhaps if Fairy can provide me with some sort of credentials, it'll be easier for me to arrange a meeting…"
Li Qinghong smiled faintly, her voice soft as she replied, "I am Li Qinghong of the Qingdu Li Family, the Daoist's niece."
Upon hearing this, the manager's eyes lit up as he chuckled.
"Ah, my apologies for not recognizing you as the daughter of a prestigious clan... Of course, this explanation is better than any credentials! Please give me a few moments, Fairy."
Li Qinghong nodded. It was not long after the manager had left that a young man with a familiar face returned, riding the wind. He smiled warmly, laughing as he approached.
"Ah, you're here Qinghong! You could've looked for me directly instead of going through all these formalities."
He's Ning Heyuan?!
Li Qinghong blinked in surprise. Although she could recognize him, he seemed more mature now. Even the aura he radiated had also changed—where he had once been arrogant and overbearing, he now exuded warmth and calm. He was like a totally different person now.
"Qinghong greets fellow Daoist!" Li Qinghong replied politely.
A look of surprise flashed across Ning Heyuan's eyes before a smile returned to his lips.
"It's been many years, yet you haven't changed at all, fellow Daoist!" he remarked.
He glanced at her, noting that she wore jade armor and appeared to be around twenty-five or twenty-six years old. He knew her cultivation had progressed quickly, making her appear very youthful.
He showered her with a few more praises before explaining, "Brother-in-law is currently away on a mission and will likely return in a few days. Please follow me to the hall and rest in the meantime, Daoist."
Brother-in-law…
Since Ning Heyuan referred to Li Xuanfeng as his brother-in-law, he was effectively Li Qinghong's senior now. She was slightly caught off guard by this but quickly masked it with a smile and accepted the invitation.
While making their way to their destination, they reminisced about the past events on Mount Yuting.
Ning Heyuan's expression turned apologetic as he said, "I was still very young and naive at the time, so I behaved childishly and offended your esteemed family. Please forgive me, Qinghong."
"Don't worry about it, fellow Daoist... If I had not sparred with you back then, I would never have realized that there were far more powerful cultivators out there…" Li Qinghong replied.
The two conversed politely and were able to move on from their awkward encounter in the past. After a few more exchanges, Ning Heyuan's face lit up with delight, and he laughed, saying, "Brother-in-law has returned! Wait here for a moment, Qinghong. I'll go to get him here!"
Li Qinghong was prepared to stay at Splitreed Island for ten days to half a month and wait for Li Xuanfeng's return. She hadn't expected to meet him so soon. A smile appeared on her face as she nodded and replied, "Sure."
Ning Heyuan summoned the wind and swiftly departed. Shortly after, he returned with a middle-aged man.
The man had sharp eyes and eyebrows, sporting a short beard. His Black Gold Spirit Armor exuded a dim glow and he carried a golden bow across his back. The clanging sound of metal boots echoed as he strode into the hall.
When Li Qinghong saw his familiar face, which she hadn't seen in years, she stood up. Her voice was slightly choked with emotion as she greeted the man.
"Second Uncle!"
Li Xuanfeng's heart stirred at his niece's emotional voice. He quickly walked up to her and said, "Qinghong, you've reached Foundation Establishment Realm! That's great…!"
Li Qinghong's eyes welled up with tears as she answered softly, "Uh-huh."
After Li Xuanfeng left home, her father, Li Xuanling, and her grandfather, Li Tongya, passed away around the same time. Her eldest uncle, Li Xuanxuan, had poor mental fortitude and was unable to step forward to shoulder the heavy responsibilities of their clan, so it naturally fell to their generation.
The eldest in her generation, Li Yuanxiu, had died young. Her second brother, Li Yuanjiao, was consumed with keeping his promise to his grandfather. He was constantly on edge, to the point that he had to carefully consider every sentence three times before responding. Likewise, Li Qinghong felt like she was walking on thin ice, never daring to let her guard down for even a moment.
Now that the gifted, decisive, and capable Second Uncle she remembered was standing in front of her, she was overwhelmed with emotion. For a moment, she was at a loss for words.
Those from the Ning Family had tactfully retreated from the hall long ago, giving them a moment of privacy.
Li Xuanfeng took her hand in his and led her to his cave dwelling. Once inside, he closed the stone door behind them. He looked at her gently and chuckled.
"Qinghong, you've grown up," he commented, his voice slightly hoarse.
Li Xuanfeng's face resembled Li Xuanling's, though his features were sharper and fiercer. Li Xuanling had always been gentle and calm, but now, as Li Xuanfeng looked at Li Qinghong with the same warmth, he reminded her so much of her father.
The tears she had been holding back finally broke free and she whispered softly, "Second Uncle... My father… he… and Grandfather... they... were killed by a Maha!"
Although Li Xuanfeng had already known about it, hearing the words again still gutted him. Resentment flared in his eyes, so intense that they seemed like they might start bleeding.
"I know... Don't worry, Hong'er... Second Uncle knows!" he replied in a deep voice.