"Right here?"
Yu Muyuan landed on the small island in the lake, dressed in a gray cloak. Even though they were in a remote area, Yu Muyuan remained cautious. He ensured that he was tightly covered, wary of any passerby who might inadvertently stumble upon them.
Standing behind him was a gray-robed old man, a grin plastered on his face as they landed together on the small island.
Yu Muyuan respectfully cupped his fists and asked, "Master Jiang, is this far enough?"
"Yes, it is!"
Master Jiang chuckled as he tapped his Shengyang Mansion, closing his eyes and kneeling on the ground.
Yu Muyuan stood beside him, asking, "The An Family has discreetly sent the item into the mine and the Li Family has discovered it... Master Jiang, how potent is this spell?"
With his eyes tightly shut, Master Jiang appeared to be spiritually traversing the realm as he searched for something intently.
"The physical bodies of immortal cultivators are fragile… Your elder brother is the one who taught me this spell that could easily catch anyone off guard. It can swiftly incapacitate even a Qi Cultivator unless they have established their immortal foundation. Coupled with my curse, it will not only damage their root foundation but also inflict harm upon their vital qi. Even if they're saved, their future prospects are bleak," he replied.
Though Yu Muyuan had heard of Master Jiang's abilities before, he could not help but feel creeped out upon hearing his explanation.
"What a truly insidious spell that leaves no room for defense..." he said.
Master Jiang let out a hearty laugh and then said, "I'm not surprised to hear that from you… I've traveled far and wide, but your elder brother is the most sinister person I've ever encountered."
Yu Muyuan raised an eyebrow at him and was about to respond, but was stopped by the smile on Master Jiang's wrinkled face.
"Don't even try to intimidate me… I'm not afraid if you report this to your elder brother. Even if I call him sinister, he would take it as a compliment," Master Jiang said with the same crooked grin.
Before Yu Muyuan could react, Master Jiang exclaimed, "I've found it! The Thunder Pearl is currently in the hands of a leader... Ah, it seems to be the Young Family Head of the Li Family, a cultivator at the second stage of the Embryonic Breathing Realm… He's most likely Li Yuanxiu. They're about to transfer it to Li Tongya's hands."
Yu Muyuan was taken aback before skeptically saying, "Why would the Li Family entrust the family's leadership to an Embryonic Breathing Realm cultivator..?"
Master Jiang simply snorted in response.
"The Li Family isn't as powerful as your Yu Family, where Qi Cultivators are plentiful…"
But before Master Jiang could finish his sentence, Yu Muyuan's expression turned serious as he interrupted him with an important question.
"How long can you sustain this technique?"
Master Jiang was slightly caught off guard by the question but mumbled, "Two hours..."
What he did not expect was the determined expression on Yu Muyuan's face as he instructed, "Do it now!"
"What?!"
Master Jiang gave him a confused look as he asked slowly, "Why bother with a mere Embryonic Breathing Realm cultivator..? Why not wait a little more to catch something bigger, Young Master? Forget about Li Xuanfeng and Li Xuanling, the Thunder Pearl is already on its way to Li Tongya… Once it's in his hands, we'll injure him, dashing any hopes of him attaining the Foundation Establishment Realm! Won't that be wonderful?"
"Are you trying to get my family in trouble, Master Jiang?!" Yu Muyuan's countenance darkened with irritation and anger as he exclaimed, "Have you considered the relationship between Li Xuanfeng, Li Yuanxiu, Li Tongya, and Li Chejing?! There's a chance Li Chejing may overlook it if a few of the younger generations in the Li Family were killed, however, if Li Tongya—his own brother—were killed, he'd definitely come back all the way from the southern border! It takes only a Clarity Talisman to expose us, and when he discovers the truth, the Yu Family will be as good as dead!"
Realization finally dawned upon Master Jiang. Yu Muyuan grabbed him roughly and demanded loudly, "So, do it now! Li Yuanxiu is good enough! No more delays; if something goes awry and delays our plans, neither of us can bear the consequences!"
"Of course, of course!"
Although Master Jiang's cultivation was modest, his seniority was considerable. Being chastised by his junior left him with a somewhat sour expression, but nevertheless, he performed a hand seal with both hands and thrust both fingers forward.
"Release!"
Li Yuanxiu carefully stowed away the wooden slip in his hand, issuing a few commands before gesturing for Li Pingyi to hand over the wooden box. As Li Pingyi promptly handed it over, Li Yuanxiu delicately placed the precious pearl inside.
Feeling the slight tingling sensation in his hand, he suddenly recalled something. He picked up the wooden slip from the table and handed it to Li Pingyi, who accepted it and exited the room.
"Yuanyun enjoys history books. I got one this for..."
Before he could finish his sentence, Li Yuanxiu suddenly heard a faint voice that belonged to an old man.
"Release!"
In an instant, the jade pearl inside the wooden box beside him flashed brightly. A surge of majestic energy burst forth and erupted with the might of a volcano, catching Li Yuanxiu completely off guard.
Before he could even react, thunder flames blazed out and engulfed his whole body, tearing through his flesh and bone, and causing blood to splatter everywhere.
BOOM!
With a deafening roar, the entire hall shook violently, engulfed in billowing smoke.
Although Li Pingyi was a mortal and was a good distance away from the rear hall, the mana shockwave broke several of his bones, sending him rolling like a gourd over a long distance. Two thunder flames landed on both his arms, blowing them to smithereens and splattering out a ground of blood. He merely grunted before fainting, all in just a matter of moments.
"WHO?!"
As the dark purple thunder flame blew the rear hall into pieces, a curse aura synonymous with the Qi Cultivation Realm spread through the town, causing the Sun Rite Profound Light Formation to buzz.
Li Tongya, who had just seen the two guests from the Xiao Family off and was about to enter seclusion, soared into the sky in shock and anger before landing in the courtyard. Several stone doors on the back mountain also opened, a few practicing Qi Cultivators coming out from their seclusion with frowns on their faces.
"Who dares to ambush Mount Lijing?!"
Li Xuanxuan soared into the air. Li Xuanfeng furrowed his brow in displeasure as he swiftly entered the stone chamber and retrieved the mirror.
With a gentle stroke on its cool mirror surface, the vast territory unfolded in his mind, revealing the events transpiring at the foot of the mountain. With anger burning in his heart, his steely gaze followed the qi trail into the distance, spotting two figures in gray robes watching from the lake.
"Bastards, you have quite the audacity!" he spat.
With a swift motion, Li Xuanfeng retrieved his Golden Age Longbow. He took a step forward, his mana surging as he drew the bowstring and unleashed a bright golden arrow that glimmered impressively.
Unfortunately, the exertion proved too much for his body, and he coughed up black blood. He wiped the corner of his mouth with an icy expression as he aimed at his enemies in the distance with the mirror's help, before letting loose another mana-charged arrow.
Li Tongya, who was at the foot of the mountain, looked up suddenly as if he had sensed something and sure enough, spotted a golden light soaring into the air.
Although Li Tongya's spiritual sense could not extend far enough to pinpoint the enemy's location, he knew that Li Xuanfeng had detected their presence with the help of the mirror.
As Li Tongya propelled himself into the air, chasing after the arrow, his initial fury gave way to caution.
"Could this be a trap..?"
He gritted his teeth and with firm resolve, decided to continue flying in pursuit behind the arrow. However, he was ready to retreat at any time if necessary.
"The enemy doesn't know about the mirror's ability, so they're likely defenseless… Regardless, I must proceed with caution. The families by the lake wouldn't dare harm me for the time being…"