The pig demon stumbled out of the Li Family territory hastily, wiping the wound on his face. He flew deep into Mount Dali without a word and only then did it dare to curse out loud, "Damn dog... What kind of lousy idea was that?! Making me take that sword for nothing! At least it was not face-to-face with Li Tongya... Lucky me…!"
He did not dare hold a grudge against the Li Family but was already seething with hatred for the hyena in the demon den who had come up with the idea. He cursed all the way back.
When he arrived at the demon den, a light gray hyena eagerly greeted him, its eyes darting around slyly as it squeaked, "Pig Two! What did the Li Family say?"
Pig Two was already looking for trouble with the hyena, and here it came to him. Although he had cowered before the Li Family, he had some status in the den. Now, his eyes bulged with rage as he yelled, "Damn dog! Filthy dog! Get out of my sight!"
With that, he kicked the hyena, which was only at the early stage of the Qi Cultivation Realm, sending it rolling away with a yelp. Pig Two stormed into the cave, where a burly creature with a full beard sat.
The creature was devouring something, holding a chunk of flesh in his hand. Blood dripped from his brown-red beard, making it wet and sticky. His eyes were bloodshot as he glared at Pig Two and hissed, "What did Li Tongya say?"
Pig Two immediately wilted and stammered as he recounted the events. The demon general flew into a rage, cursing, "What nerve!"
His blood-red eyes flared, and his demonic qi surged as he yelled, "How dare they wave around the flag of the Devil Gate and act like some esteemed clan! When I ruled this mountain, that Li Tongya was just a garden boy! A mere small-time cultivator at the Embryonic Breathing Realm! If it were not for Si Yuanbai, the Li Family would not even exist! And now, I send a messenger, and Li Tongya does not dare to even meet him! This is too much! Argh… This is too much!"
The Foundation Establishment Realm pig demon roared furiously. The demon soldiers below, knowing his temper, huddled silently together until he had smashed the tables and chairs and left the ground covered in blood and debris. Only then did he calm down slightly.
The gray-furred hyena, who had recently joined the den and suggested testing the Li Family, thought himself clever. He sneaked forward and whispered, "Great king! The Li Family is arrogant, why not send..."
The burly creature, his face fierce, did not wait for him to finish. He backhanded the hyena, sending him flying and scattering teeth and blood everywhere as the hyena howled in pain loudly.
"Never mention the Li Family again!" the demon general roared, and the demon soldiers, feeling as if they were granted amnesty, understood that their great king was afraid and had decided to lay low.
They exchanged glances, relieved, "At least we do not have to face those immortal swords…"
The Li Family.
Spring winds once again swept over the land, turning the lake water back to a gentle light green. Perhaps it was the season, or the ample spiritual energy that nourished it, but the Li Family's Wanglin Blossom finally sprouted.
The tender green shoot appeared fragile and weak, but it was a Foundation Establishment Realm spirit root. The Li Family treated it like a treasure, watering it with spirit spring water consistently, engraving formations around it, and burying Spirit Stones in the soil, fearing that the spirit root might wither.
Fortunately, the old monkey tended to it meticulously, adjusting the soil composition and managing the spiritual energy in the earth veins. Though the spirit root seemed unspirited, it grew day by day, much to the relief of the Li Family.
Mount Lijing.
"The Spirit Paddies are growing well this year."
Li Xuanxuan walked along the mountain path with his hands clasped behind his back. Since the market's destruction, he had become idle as all the other roles in the family had been filled, and no one dared to order him around, leaving him with nothing to do.
Apart from his daily talisman drawing, Li Xuanxuan had no other engagements, so he wandered around and spent time with his grandson.
"It is funny... In the past, when there were few cultivators in the family, these Spirit Paddies were as hard as iron. Initially, mortals had to use axes enhanced with Golden Light spell to cut it..."
Li Yuanjiao, who was walking beside him, listened to his ramblings and nodded gently. Although Li Xuanxuan was his biological father, he had grown up under the care of his elder brother Li Yuanxiu, and had little to no direct contact with Li Xuanxuan.
Because of Li Yuanjiao's background, Li Xuanxuan was also not very close to him and harbored a silent guilt toward his son. Now, as he babbled on, Li Yuanjiao noticed a trace of nervousness in his father's demeanor, so he remained silent.
This life-and-death crisis had finally propelled Li Xuanxuan to break through to the fourth heavenly layer of the Qi Cultivation Realm, but his progress was as slow as a turtle's. Now at fifty-nine years old, his cultivation speed would only decrease further after sixty, and he muttered quietly, "With my aptitude, it will take more than a decade to break through to the next heavenly layer after sixty. I might as well take the talisman pill now and break through to the fifth heavenly layer to avoid trouble after sixty..."
As he was thinking about this, a cheerful voice called out from behind them.
"Grandfather! Clan Uncle!"
Li Xuanxuan turned around to see two young boys, about twelve or thirteen, walking up the mountain path. The one in front, at the third stage of the Embryonic Breathing Realm, had a radiant smile that made one feel like a spring breeze. He wore a brocade robe with a green jade bead tied to his wrist, swaying as he walked.
The other, taller and more handsome with a sword on his back, appeared more reserved. He smiled and greeted, "Xijun greets Granduncle and Clan Uncle."
"Good… good!"
Li Xuanxuan happily took the hands of the two juniors, warmly asking about their cultivation progress. Li Yuanjiao watched with a smile as they chatted and laughed, making their way to the small courtyard on the mountain.
Li Yuanping sat in his seat, silently reading the letters in his hand.
The Li Family had received two letters this month. One was from Chen Donghe to the west, stating that devil cultivators had also appeared in the territory of the Golden Feather Sect, with one dead and one injured among the two unrefined Qi Cultivators who accompanied him.
The Li Family currently had many unrefined Qi Cultivators from Mount Yue, so Li Yuanping decided to send two more loyal ones over. If not for the sensitive nature of the matter, he would have sent more.
The other letter was from Li Xizhi within the sect, stating that everything was going well. He hinted at the complex situation in the Cloud Crowned Peak market and advised against investigating too deeply to avoid trouble.
He also mentioned that members of the Fei Family had joined Yuanwu Peak two years ago. A female cultivator named Fei Qingyi, though not skilled in smithing, had good talent in cultivation and had gained the favor of Yu Muxian.
"Two years ago…" Li Yuanping sighed softly. The Fei Family had been quiet for the past seven or eight years, and their joining of the sect had been tightly covered up. If not for the letter from within the sect, there would have been no news on the lake, indicating their fear of interference from the Li Family.
"Ping'er!" Li Xuanxuan called out.
Seeing his aged face appear at the courtyard entrance with the two youths cupping their fist respectfully beside him, Li Yuanping quickly welcomed them in, handing the letter to Li Yuanjiao.