"Oh, it's an actual fox… not a fox demon," Li Yuanjiao mumbled upon this realization, accepting the jade slip and reading it carefully.
"…The den has already sent a demon general… It's a deer demon… at the mid-stage Foundation Establishment Realm. It has prepared a gift… and wants to speak with our family…"
So, a new demon general has been appointed… The demon den's response is surprisingly slow!
Li Yuanjiao nodded in understanding, then handed over the jade slip to Li Xicheng who quickly read through it and wondered aloud, "This deer demon… is it afraid of our family?"
"How can it not be afraid?" Li Yuanjiao laughed as he went on to explain, "The previous generals died at our family's hands, and the White Banyan Fox has handled everything quietly. That's typically how the three sects and seven gates operate!"
"Since this new demon general is forced to guard this place, it naturally wishes to negotiate with us. Otherwise, it'd just be sitting there, waiting for us to take its life."
Li Yuanjiao turned his gaze to the obedient little red fox before him and added softly, "Let's see what kind of creature this deer demon really is."
Li Xicheng nodded slightly, allowing An Zheyan to take the fox away. He then reminded, "Ancestor… Uncle Xuanxuan's inner demon is growing stronger with each passing day. Although the old man doesn't speak of it… we can't just stand by and watch."
Li Yuanjiao's expression turned grim as he heard this. He shook his sleeves and replied in a deep voice, "Xijun has mentioned it to me several times… I've been inquiring about it for a while now. I've heard that the Hengzhu Dao Gate has a way to resolve it. Find someone to take him there!"
With that, Li Yuanjiao turned away and left indifferently.
Li Xicheng stood stunned for a moment, then smiled bitterly as he watched his ancestor float away, murmuring to himself, "But… it costs a lot, and Uncle Xuanxuan will probably refuse to go!"
Caught in a dilemma, he glanced at the Jade Court Guards standing silently beside him. After a moment of contemplation, he then said softly, "I can only ask Brother Jun!"
Ancestral Hall.
Li Xijun spent another half a year on the mountain. Since many assumed he had been grounded, no one dared to disturb him. He focused on his training with his sword and spells during this peaceful period and was able to improve significantly in both.
When news of Li Jingtian's passing arrived, Li Yuanjiao visited him several times to chat. Even in the ancestral hall, Li Xijun was dressed all in white. He was still worried about Li Xuanxuan.
"The old man hasn't been mentally healthy… I wonder if he can bear this news."
After another half month of cultivating in the ancestral hall, Li Xijun planned to leave once his three-year term was up. Just then, Li Xicheng rushed in with news, and Li Xijun found it difficult to sit still.
Both sides are unwilling to give in…
Concerned about Li Xuanxuan, he learned that Li Qinghong was in seclusion and Li Yuanjiao had left yet again. Unable to contain himself, he finally exited the ancestral hall and flew to the Alchemy Pavilion.
Upon arriving at the entrance, he noticed a woman standing quietly by the door—a fair-skinned and beautiful Qi Cultivator. As her gaze fell upon him, she said respectfully, "Greetings, Senior."
"Ah… it's you, Meng," Li Xijun replied, his tone distant. He then went on to knock on the door before him.
Inside, Li Ximing was manipulating a vermillion flame—Long Marching Fire Essence. With a push of his hands, six pills flew out, and he stored them away while asking simultaneously, "Who is it?"
Li Xijun waited until Li Ximing had put away his pill flame before entering the hall, pleased to receive a guest when he was focused on his alchemy.
"You've holed yourself up for a year and are finally willing to come out?" he asked with a teasing smile.
Li Xijun shook his head and inquired, "Let me ask you… how many pills did Uncle take this year? Is it a normal amount?"
Li Ximing's expression soured as he replied softly, "That's a difficult question. He's taken many of them—Tranquility Pills, Jade Ice Pills, and Turning Cloud Pills, but their effectiveness is diminishing... I'm afraid we can't delay it any longer. Grandfather refuses to speak of his trouble and Second Uncle rarely inquires…"
Li Xijun gently shook his head and said, "Second Uncle has come several times to the ancestral hall, waiting for me to bring this up. Although the two of them may not seem very close, they are still father and son."
Li Ximing felt a wave of sadness as he remarked, "He just can't set aside his pride and speak up…"
His words were unclear, leaving Li Xijun unsure of whom he was referring to. Li Xijun simply looked at him, shaking his head with a sigh.
Having carefully reviewed the Family History in the ancestral hall over the years, Li Xijun could only say, "There's a gap between father and son, and the only uncle[1] who could resolve it died early. And so… they continue to drift apart. Uncle Xuanxuan can't swallow his pride, and Uncle Jiao can't bring himself to express his feelings. Yet, both of them are hurting inside…"
Li Xijun took a jade slip from his robe and added softly, "Uncle Jiao may not say it, but he's obviously worried. He has sent someone to inquire about a cure some time ago. Uncle's condition can no longer be cured by ordinary pills and medicine… There's a calming spell at Hengzhu Dao Gate that should be able to help."
"I know that too, however, that spell requires many spirit items and costs forty or fifty Spirit Stones each time. Grandfather is used to being frugal; how can he agree to that?" Li Ximing asked helplessly.
"That's easy—we'll just do it without asking for his opinion. I'll trick him into coming along under the pretense of looking for spirit water. Once we reach Hengdong Prefecture, I'll invite the people from Hengzhu Dao Gate. By then, Granduncle will have no choice but to comply," Li Xijun whispered.
Li Ximing nodded repeatedly, rather excited by the plan.
"Good idea! But with so many devil cultivators around now, I'm afraid something might happen if only both of you were to travel south…"
"Don't worry, Kongheng will accompany us there. He's an orthodox Buddhist cultivator and excels at calming the mind and nurturing qi, so there shouldn't be any issues along the way," Li Xijun reassured him.
He winked at Li Ximing with a smile and said, "I shouldn't be the one making this suggestion. You'll need to present it as your own idea to Uncle Jiao."
Li Ximing nodded and replied, "I understand."
With that, Li Xijun said nothing more. He nodded, then flew directly to the cave dwelling on the mountain to invite Li Xuanxuan.
Left sitting in the Alchemy Pavilion in a daze, Li Ximing was soon interrupted by Meng Zhuoyun, who gently pushed the door open and said softly, "Brother Ming…"
Li Ximing breathed a sigh of relief and led her inside. The two exchanged glances, and Meng Zhuoyun sat beside him. Both of them had spent more than a year together, and having already done the deed long ago, there was no longer the need for formality between them.
Li Ximing skillfully pulled open the collar of her white robe and caressed her smooth, delicate shoulders, but his mind was elsewhere.
His gaze lingered on Meng Zhuoyun's beautiful eyebrows, and he noticed the dark blue osmanthus hairpin in her hair. It appeared to be a dharma artifact that complimented her white attire wonderfully.
Meng Zhuoyun seemed to sense his gaze and spoke softly, "This was what my father left me before he passed away. He spent several days crafting it."
Li Ximing's heart sank.
"Elder Meng has passed?! When did it happen?"
"Last night," she replied quietly, "He didn't know his limits and died after only three months of secluding himself to attempt a breakthrough."
Li Ximing immediately released her shoulders and comforted her.
"My condolences…"
Meng Zhuoyun chuckled softly and asked tenderly, "What? You don't want to do it today?"
Li Ximing murmured, "It's a pity for Elder Meng… Alas, life and death are like this; there's nothing we can do. He lived for over 190 years, longer than many Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators. Not many can live to two hundred years old…"
As Meng Zhuoyun listened to his endless rambling, she could not help but find it rather amusing. Tears filled her eyes as she leaned in and kissed him, biting his lower lip.
Li Ximing tasted saltiness on his lips, realizing it was her sadness. He tried to console her, but she finally stopped pretending, her tears flowing freely as she cried out loud, "Are you going to do it or not?"
He looked at her in confusion, then pulled her into his embrace as she broke down completely.
"Think about how many can live to two hundred years old…" he repeated with a long sigh.
Meng Zhuoyun cried and laughed through her whirlwind of emotions. After a long moment, she finally let out a soft sigh.
1. Referring to Li Yuanxiu, Li Yuanjiao's big brother who is dead. ☜