Li Chengliao wore a gentle smile as he replied to Xu Gongming, “The weather has eased a little, so we’ve finally gotten a harvest. That’s a relief.”
He took the family head’s seat as he looked at Chen Mufeng and Chen Yang below him, and said warmly, “This must be Yang’er. I’ve heard you’ve broken through to the fourth stage of the Embryonic Breathing Realm. What a rare talent!”
The eighteen steps in the hall were not mere decorations, they perfectly blocked the spiritual sense of ordinary cultivators of the Qi Cultivation Realm. More than that, Chen Yang was kneeling far away, ruling out the possibility that Li Chengliao had probed him with spiritual sense.
I’ve only just come out of seclusion, yet he already knew!
Li Chengliao descended the steps with a cheerful smile until he stood before the youth. He lifted Chen Yang’s hand, saw the boy raise his head, and gave a slight nod.
Turning back to Xu Gongming and the others, he laughed, “One look, and you can tell he’s one of ours. His brows and eyes are exactly the same!”
This statement clearly caught everyone off guard. Chen Yang was stunned for a moment, and his lips involuntarily curled slightly downward. But then his brows lifted, and his eyes shone with both joy and pride. His calm face suddenly came to life, bursting forth with a surge of spirit.
The crowd laughed heartily, offering their congratulations. However, Li Chengliao felt a shadow of doubt flash across his mind even as he smiled.
That expression… That expression… Good! Good!
Although Chen Yang was precocious, he was still far from matching Li Chengliao, who had managed his household for many years. Li Chengliao went beyond the boy’s seemingly proper eyes and his sharp glances, and found a familiar cast to the youth’s brows and the downward curve of his lips.
That rebellious and ambitious aura brought back memories like a thorn pricking his hand, making him grit his teeth and inhale sharply. Li Chengliao’s smile twisted slightly as he remembered a youth who had once wielded gray fire and rampaged across the sky.
He’s a seed of ambition.
Li Chengliao had always trusted his instincts. Just as he had once recognized Xu Xiao’s uniqueness at a glance, he now sensed the same budding ambition in Chen Yang. Yet, this was not blind arrogance; this boy carried more of the Li Family’s cunning and even a hint of cruelty.
And his talent is exceptional! If he is set loose into the world, he could stir up great storms… The Chen Family has produced a true prodigy!
Having made a preliminary judgment on the boy’s character, Li Chengliao smiled at Chen Mufeng and asked, “So, you plan to send him to accompany the heir? If he’s so remarkably talented, wouldn’t it be a waste not to allow him to solely focus on cultivation?”
While his eyes were fixed on Chen Mufeng, his spiritual sense was focused on Chen Yang. He noticed the boy’s head rise slightly, and the twitch of his eyelids. Li Chengliao’s heart stirred as he listened to Chen Mufeng’s courteous reply.
Chen Mufeng replied, “Embryonic Breathing Realm doesn’t require daily cultivation! It only takes a few hours a day for him to refine spiritual qi. The rest of the time is often wasted effort. It’s better for him to learn something at the heir’s side… After all, Yang’er is three years older than the heir. He can guide Zhouwei a little!”
Li Chengliao replied politely, though he had already agreed in his heart. He turned to the boy and deliberately said, “Yang’er, follow the corridor down. Someone will lead you to the heir’s residence. I’ve already informed him that I’m sending over a companion.”
Chen Mufeng was slightly stunned when he realized that Li Chengliao intended to have the two children meet alone. However, just as he stepped hesitantly toward his son, Li Chengliao smiled and added, “I still have a few matters to discuss with the battalion commander!”
Chen Mufeng could only come to a halt upon hearing these words. Recalling his wife’s words, he could only sigh lightly as he watched his child leave.
Li Chengliao said, “I recall that the Chen Family has been at odds with the Xu Family for generations. Has there ever been a marriage alliance between the two families?”
“Of course not!” Chen Mufeng answered firmly.
Chen Yang hesitated for a moment, and then thought that Li Chengliao did not wish for him to hear the following conversation. He quickly followed the guard down the corridor, passing through the winding walkway until he reached the courtyard’s outer edge.
When he glanced around at the pristine white ground and the two slightly ajar golden doors at the entrance, a trace of disdain flickered in his heart.
Chen Yang had always been the most talented among his peers since he was a child. He toyed with them like playthings, manipulating them with just a few words.
How could I possibly fear another child? He thought to himself. What of the heir? His talent is likely mediocre. I heard he’s only been cultivating for two years. At best he has condensed Radiant Lure Chakra and reached the second stage of the Embryonic Breathing Realm. That would be nothing for me to handle. Besides, what schemes could he possibly have when he’s been confined to this small courtyard every day? I only need a small trick to wrap him around my finger.
Chen Yang had always been cunning. How could he respect a child three or four years younger than him? He sneered inwardly as he mused that the heir likely could not even recognize all his characters yet.
As he stepped into the courtyard, a sudden, intoxicating fragrance filled his nostrils. Chen Yang frowned, but he was too young to recognize the scent.
He thought to himself, I don’t know what kind of incense this is, but it smells good. I should take some back later.
An old ape with white fur and drooping eyelids stood in the inner courtyard.
Chen Yang was too sharp to underestimate such a creature. He thought to himself, This is most likely the spirit beast that guards the heir. I wonder what level its cultivation has reached.
Since he could only guess that it was likely a spirit beast at the Qi Cultivation Realm, he respectfully bowed before entering. He felt pleased with himself, believing he had discreetly earned some favor.
When he pushed open the door, Chen Yang saw a boy dressed in gold and white, kneeling in the courtyard. He seemed to be only eight or nine years old and was facing away from him.
Before Chen Yang could greet him, the heir suddenly turned around. A pair of deep dark-golden eyes locked onto him. They were calm, yet filled with a disdainful scrutiny. The heir’s ears perked up slightly and twisted agilely to his feet as he noticed something off. For a moment, the way he moved resembled the supple, yet strong movements of a leopard on the prowl.
Startled, Chen Yang instinctively took a step back. But a moment later, he swiftly buried his embarrassed anger as he said quietly, “Greetings to the Heir of the Li Family.”
Li Zhouwei examined him for two breaths. His amber eyes seemed to become even more fearsome and sinister at Chen Yang’s tone. Chen Yang’s instincts prickled as he realized he quickly sensed the meaning in his gaze.
He quickly realized, Those are not ordinary eyes. Normal people would never even dare look at them unless they were kneeling before him. In fact, those eyes might be more effective against women. He stifled a wave of anger at being belittled. He sneered inwardly as he stepped forward, emphasizing his taller and stronger frame, and pretended to humbly say, “Greetings.”