At the head of the table, An Zheyan was toying with a piece of bear paw on his plate. Hearing these words, he raised his eyebrows and pushed up the leather hat on his head. His expression immediately shifted, now marked by fleshy folds as he visibly tensed. He said sternly, "What do you mean by that?"
An Zheyan's tone was relatively gentle, devoid of any reproach, indicating that An Jingming truly was the apple of his eye. Any other clan member who dared to utter such words would have been executed on the spot; only from An Jingming's mouth would these words prompt An Zheyan to take him seriously.
"The Yu Family acts tyrannically, full of ambition, while the Li Family is reserved and quietly ruthless. Our An Family is caught in between, struggling to look after both ends. Father, aren't you afraid?"
Standing in the courtyard, with the sunlight reflecting off the gold bracelets on his wrists, the young An Jingming stood tall against the wind, staring directly at his father at the head of the table.
"Well…" An Zheyan was at a loss for words for a moment before saying, "Haven't I already followed your advice by drawing the Ding Family to Moongaze Lake, maintaining a tripartite balance? The Yu Family has also promised not to attack the families that pay tribute… If the Li Family ever invades from the north, the Yu Family will surely not stand idly by and watch them expand… there's nothing to fear then. You just need to focus on your cultivation. Once you've reached the Foundation Establishment Realm, our family will have a place on the lake. Wouldn't that be wonderful?"
An Jingming clenched his teeth and shook his head, unable to muster anger at the sight of his father's contented face. He swung his sleeves and said softly, "Father! What makes you think the Yu Family will just sit idly by and watch me attain Foundation Establishment Realm? I dare not even leave our family's grand formation now. As I slowly increase my cultivation year by year, the Yu Family will eventually become impatient and will surely find an excuse to kill me!"
An Zheyan was momentarily stunned, his mouth moved but no words came out. Unable to formulate a rebuttal, he could only ask, "What do you suggest then?"
Clearing his throat, An Jingming said in a voice still tinged with youthful timbre, "Our family's awkward position is due to its poor geographical location… caught between the Li and Yu families. The best strategy now is to sell Mount Huazhong to the Li Family, letting them face the pressure from the Yu Family directly. The two families could sign a pact, in turn, making the Yu Family feel the threat of the Li Family's rise."
An Jingming continued to lay out his plans, "I've heard that Li Tongya has reached the eighth heavenly layer of Qi Cultivation Realm, which could draw the Yu Family's attention. The two families supporting each other from east to west, I could marry a girl from the Li Family, leveraging the might of the Sword Immortal to deter the Yu Family. Once I've reached the Foundation Establishment Realm and if Li Tongya succeeds in his breakthrough, we could support the Li Family against the Yu Family… If Li Tongya fails, then we could lead both families, with each party getting what they need."
As An Jingming was still speaking, An Zheyan's lips trembled, and his complexion turned unsightly. He interrupted his son, slamming his silver chopsticks down.
"No, absolutely not! Do you know how many spirit fields are on Mount Huazhong, feeding how many of our clan members?! We fought tooth and nail to get it; how can we just hand it over to the Li Family!"
An Jingming sighed lightly, realizing that An Zheyan's character would never allow for the ceding of Mount Huazhong. Thus, he solemnly suggested, "Since Father is reluctant to give up Mount Huazhong, I have another plan. The key to the Li Family is Li Tongya…He is extremely cautious, fully focused on cultivating in seclusion in the south, and difficult to remove. However, if we can ally with the Yu Family against Li Xuanling and Li Xuanfeng, eliminating one of them, could Li Tongya still remain indifferent?"
Continuing, An Jingming said, "With the Yu Family currently favorably inclined toward us, there are opportunities to be utilized. Yu Mugao is a dark and ruthless man, difficult to deal with. If we can unite with other families to assassinate Yu Mugao, the threat of the Yu Family can be significantly reduced."
An Zheyan was confused, seeing him aim to kill Yu Mugao on one hand and remove Li Xuanling and Li Xuanfeng on the other. He was unable to follow his son's ambitious line of thought. He murmured, "So, does our An Family side with the Yu Family or the Li Family?"
"Both sides!" An Jingming softly chuckled, lifting his head slightly as he declared, "As the Yu and Li families harbor mutual suspicions, our An Family has the opportunity to sow discord and navigate both sides. Regardless of who dies, or if both sides suffer no casualties, it's as good as setting a feud between the Yu and Li families."
An Zheyan, somewhat moved by this, pondered for a moment before hesitantly saying, "But... neither side is foolish. How could they simply act as you suggest?"
"Don't worry, Father," An Jingming assured, "It is precisely because neither side is foolish and they are wary of each other… Fear leads to murderous intentions. The conflict between the two families is inevitable, and we are merely a catalyst. Father just needs to follow the script I've taught you, ensuring that both families betray each other, resulting in mutual destruction."
In the estate at the foot of the mountain in Lijing Town, Mu Yalu paced around the courtyard before taking a seat on a stone bench. A servant hurriedly served her tea.
Since it was discovered that Li Yuanjiao had spiritual orifice and extraordinary talent, Mu Yalu's days in the main courtyard had significantly improved.
Previously, Li Xuanxuan rarely visited her courtyard and Mu Yalu always tried to keep a low profile, minimizing her presence. Once Li Yuanjiao started spending more time on the mountain, Mu Yalu instantly became one of the most significant figures in the courtyard.
"Madam, this tea was sent over by the main family yesterday. This month, they've sent gifts to the courtyard three times already," whispered a servant girl beside her.
This woman, a descendant of the Mount Yue refugees who had assimilated completely with the Easterners, was brought into the courtyard personally by Mu Yalu and was deeply trusted by her.
Upon hearing this, Mu Yalu nodded slightly, and the servant girl added softly, "Since Young Master Xiu and Jiao'er get along well, the first madam has always been displeased. But in recent years, ever since Jiao'er was found to have spiritual orifice, she has started to curry favor…"
Mu Yalu gestured for her to stop talking and said quietly, "The first madam is crafty. Over the years, she has managed the concubines in the family well, and Xiu'er has been well-taught; he's capable of managing a household and is no ordinary person. She sees Jiao'er as Yuanxiu's future right-hand man, hence naturally wanting to maintain a good relationship with me…"
Setting her small teacup on the table, Mu Yalu softly inquired, "Have you found out about the matter I asked you to investigate?"
"Yes Madam, the man's name is Shamoli—the fourth son of Mu Jiaoman. He is now residing on the eastern side of the town," the servant girl replied obediently.
Mu Yalu smiled, her eyes slightly crinkling as she spoke gently, "What a godsent opportunity! In the future, Mount Yue will become even closer to the Li Family, and when Jiao'er grows up, he can also receive some support from the Mulu clan."
Although the servant girl did not understand why Mu Yalu considered it a godsend opportunity, she felt happy seeing her madam so delighted. However, their conversation was interrupted by a gentle knock on the door.