Li Xiangping made his way into the courtyard and then carefully picked up the mirror resting on the stone platform with both hands.
Lu Jiangxian stirred awake in the mirror. He expanded his divine sense through Mount Lijing, absorbing the transformations over the past five years in an instant.
“The younger generation of the Li Family has certainly grown up.”
Li Changhu’s son, Li Xuanxuan, was studying in the courtyard, flipping through a wooden slip, but appeared to be distracted.
Meanwhile, Li Xiangping’s eldest son, Li Xuanfeng, sat beside a tombstone on the mountainside in a daze, with his hair loosely hanging down.
In another part of the courtyard, Tian Yun was reading a book with Li Jingtian. Li Tongya was absent, presumably away to Cloud Crowned Peak to submit the Li Family's tributes. Liu Rouxuan stayed behind at home, cradling and speaking to their son, Li Xuanling.
Lu Jiangxian retracted his divine sense, returning his focus to Li Xiangping who was standing before him.
Li Xiangping seemed to have many thoughts racing through his head. He retracted his hands, then went off to the side courtyard and silently watched Li Xuanxuan, who was meticulously arranging the wooden slips.
Startled by Li Xiangping’s presence in the courtyard, Li Xuanxuan was stunned for a moment before greeting, “Family Head…”
Li Xiangping cut him off with a solemn question instead. “Let me ask you a question, what will you do if I don’t return?”
The question took Li Xuanxuan by surprise. He did not even dare to imagine the scenario. “Uncle... Why would you ask such a question?”
Observing the frown on Li Xiangping’s face, Li Xuanxuan quickly recomposed himself and replied as calmly as possible, “I’ll retrieve the mirror.”
Li Xiangping nodded and then pressed further, “And what if you can’t find it?”
“Keep the details secret, tell everyone that uncle is in seclusion to achieve a breakthrough, then promptly send someone to oversee the clan’s forces. Secure control over the eastern region of Lidaokou, which borders the Wan Family’s territory, and ensure we’re ready to seek assistance from the prefecture at a moment’s notice…”
Li Xuanxuan’s face was grim as he gradually spoke faster and faster until Li Xiangping lifted his hand to interrupt him, then grimly said, “That’s good enough.”
He patted Li Xuanxuan on the shoulder and said, “Before your youngest uncle departed, he left me with three talismans. With these and the mirror, I can stand a chance against even a cultivator of the Qi Cultivation Realm. There’s no need to worry too much about me.
“Besides, with him in the immortal sect, regardless of how dire circumstances may become, the sect will invariably intervene to safeguard the Li lineage. As long as we have the mirror, our family has hope for resurgence.
“Get Feng’er here.”
Li Xiangping had always shielded the children of the main family from outsiders or cultivators from the side families to hide the truth about their spiritual orifices. Now, faced with the perilous task of confronting Ji Dengqi, he deemed it necessary to bestow a talisman seed upon Li Xuanfeng as a precaution.
Li Xuanxuan promptly returned with Li Xuanfeng, who seemed rather unhappy. Without any explanation, Li Xiangping channeled his mana through Li Xuanfeng, probing his Qihai acupoint only to find it empty.
Li Xiangping sighed inwardly. Yet, as the mana coursed through Li Xuanfeng’s body, Li Xiangping discovered a breathing qi cyclone at the Shaofu acupoint on Li Xuanfeng’s right hand. This discovery left him momentarily stunned.
H-How could this be?! Why is Feng’er’s spiritual orifice in the Shaofu acupoint on his right hand? Could it be possible that spiritual orifices can exist outside the Qihai acupoint? Can they also be found in the Shenyang Mansion and Niwan Palace?!
Before Li Xiangping could answer his own question, another question came into his mind.
Can children with a spiritual orifice in our family accept the talisman seed? They can only begin cultivating the Supreme Yin Breathing Meridian Nourishment Sutra after accepting the talisman seed.
If those with a spiritual orifice can’t accept a talisman seed, does that mean they can only cultivate the Azure Essence Meridian Nourishment Technique like normal rogue cultivators like those in the side families?
As Li Xiangping recalled the Reception Method, the curiosity on his face deepened.
In the initial phase of the first cycle, the Profound Pearl True Elixir gracefully descends into the heart’s network. This marks the positioning of the Elixir Cavity within the central palace. Following the elixir’s descent, one must hold their breath nine times, completing one cycle. Repeat across nine cycles, nine times each, a total of eighty-one times. This is referred to as the nine heavenly cycles…
It seems like perhaps those with spiritual orifices were also eligible for talisman seeds…
Lu Jiangxian observed from above, sensing Li Xiangping’s inner turmoil, and mumbled to himself, “My Profound Pearl Talisman Seeds can be planted in anyone. If it’s planted in a mortal, it’ll elevate them into an immortal. If it’s planted in someone with an immortal orifice, then they’ll be able to progress a lot faster. It’s up to you, Li Xiangping, to decide if you want two mediocre cultivators in the family or a genius.”
It’s quite interesting that Li Xuanfeng has a spiritual orifice on his left hand. There must be a secret behind this spiritual orifice.
As time pressed on and the hour of appointment with the Wan Family drew near, Li Xiangping focused back on the immediate task. “Feng’er, do you still remember the method that I told you to memorize years ago?”
Looking at the solemn faces of Li Xuanxuan and Li Xiangping made Li Xuanfeng kind of nervous. “Yes, I have memorized it long ago,” he replied quietly.
“Come.” Li Xiangping grabbed Li Xuanfeng’s hand and led him into the ancestral hall in the backyard. Li Xuanfeng widened his eyes, curiously scanning the hall that he had never been allowed to enter before.
His gaze swept past the rows of ancestral tablets, and spotted his grandfather, Li Mutian, standing in the hall with the help of a walking cane. He was gazing at the stone platform in the heart of the hall.
Li Xuanfeng followed his gaze and noticed that the stone platform was bathed in ethereal mist that was as white as the moonlight and a bluish-gray artifact hovered above the platform.
Li Xiangping whispered something in Li Xuanfeng’s ear, who then solemnly nodded.
He kneeled down and, in his youthful voice, said, “As a disciple of the Li Family, I, Li Xuanfeng, respectfully request the Profound Light. I dedicate myself to pursuing the Dao and my destiny rests in your hands. When the time comes, I will remain true to my oath. With this talisman burned, I express my gratitude to Supreme Yin.”
A white pill, glowing with a radiant light, leaped from the mirror, enveloping the room in a brilliant luminescence as it sunk into the top of Li Xuanfeng’s head.
Li Xiangping observed his son assume a meditative pose and began guiding the Profound Pearl Talisman Seed in his body, then turned to Li Xuanxuan.
“Watch Feng’er closely and explain everything to him,” he said.
He then bowed before retrieving the mirror from the platform. After carefully putting it into his chest pocket, he sighed deeply with a complex look on his face.
“The arrow has already been nocked on the bowstring, we have no choice but to fire it,” he mumbled to himself.
Lu Jiangxian watched as Li Xiangping descended Mount Lijing alone and cast a Divine Movement Spell on his leg, quickly leaving Lijing Village and walking along the Guli Road.
When he was finally approaching the Wan Family’s territory, he stopped and took out the mirror, solemnly reciting, “As a disciple of the Li Family, I, Li Xiangping, respectfully request the Profound Light to grant me the Supreme Yin Profound Light to vanquish evil, cleanse impurity, and subdue demons!”
Lu Jiangxian, sharing Li Xiangping’s perspective through his divine sense, realized that the distance to Mount Huaqian was too great for the Supreme Yin Profound Light’s reach.
Li Xiangping seemed to have also realized this problem. He proceeded with caution, keeping a tight clutch on his talismans and frequently consulting the mirror for guidance on his location.
Finally, as Mount Huaqian came within the divine sense’s scope, a few unfamiliar presences were detected. Lu Jiangxian’s apprehension grew.
“One, two, three, five… nine, ten… Ten cultivators of the Qi Cultivation Realm?!”