Eastern Sea.
Among the four seas, the Eastern Sea was the most vast, with rolling waves and clear turquoise waters. Various demons often rode the wind and traversed the waves on the sea's surface.
The demons thrived the best in the Eastern Sea. Led by the dragon species, each established palaces deep within the sea, becoming a formidable force and lending vibrant life to the waters.
The islands were scattered like stars in the sky, and the closer they were to the Yue State's coastal prefecture, the larger and broader they became. The area was filled with rogue cultivators and sects with a significant number of devil cultivators, extraordinary beings, and shamans, making it a chaotic region.
Additionally, the Eastern Sea was home to numerous demons, where killings occurred daily. Sixty percent of the demonic materials on the mainland were harvested from the Eastern and Southern Seas. In contrast, vast regions of the mainland cultivated Spirit Paddies, which were then exported overseas, benefiting both parties for over a millennium.
The sects in the Eastern Sea also constantly thought about relocating to the mainland. In fact, many among the Yue State's three sects and seven gates had achieved the Purple Mansion Realm on the Eastern Sea before migrating inland.
Deep within the sea, after passing through layers of mysterious forbidden formations, there was an undersea cliff covered with corals, ruins, and scattered fragments of tiles.
Xiao Chuting sat cross-legged, dressed in gray, with a calm and composed expression. Facing a radiant stone wall, the wall was crystalline and clear, with lines of golden characters appearing one after another.
The perfection of Nine Arts lies in the Qingming. The three disasters and nine tribulations are bestowed by the heavens. The wind and fire of the Great Void are the essence of spirit energy…[1]
Xiao Chuting observed the words carefully, and after the text on the stone wall had finished appearing, a new line of large characters reappeared—Hunyi Golden Core Mysterious Method[2].
As the lines of small characters reappeared, Xiao Chuting watched on silently. He has been trapped here for years, staring at the stone wall every day without a hint of impatience.
"Daoist Chuting… Still unwilling to speak?"
Zhang Tianyuan, dressed in golden robes, stood with his hands behind his back and said softly, "This mysterious method is a legacy from before the ancient cataclysm… Reading it will make you forget it completely. Do not waste your effort!"
Seeing Xiao Chuting remain silent and continue staring at the stone wall, Zhang Tianyuan's brow furrowed with a trace of impatience. He said in a deep voice, "Under the Hunyi Immortal Wall, even the True Monarchs cannot investigate it. Only you and I know about this. What are you worried about?"
"By the way, which Purple Mansion Realm expert intervened during the Wrathful Maha incident?"
Xiao Chuting paused, finally looking at him and saying gently, "Daoist Tianyuan, I only met that senior once. I only know of his divine ability, nothing else."
"Ha!" Zhang Tianyuan sneered, speaking in a deep voice, "Could it be that person used a life divine ability to fight eight just to save Li Tongya's life? The Li Family is just a small Foundation Establishment Realm clan. How could they have such great influence?"
"Since he is your backer and is proficient in life divine abilities, he must have some plan of his own!" he spat.
He stared deeply at Xiao Chuting and continued softly, "Since you refuse to speak, we will continue to wait and see if that Daoist is willing to help you escape. Without your support, the Xiao Family will not last long."
"You overestimate me, fellow Daoist," Xiao Chuting said, completely unfazed by his words. He saw through Zhang Tianyuan's bluff and sat steadily, with even a hint of a smile on his face.
"We can wait, but Azure Pond cannot. If I am not mistaken, now that Chen Taojing is dead, the devil plague has moved toward the seven gates," he calmly spoke.
Speaking of Chen Taojing's death, a hint of regret flashed in Xiao Chuting's eyes as he continued, "If I am not inland, with only Chi Buzi and Yuansu, they cannot mobilize so many Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators. If the True Monarch's plans are ruined, not even Daoist Tianyuan can bear the responsibility."
Xiao Chuting's words darkened Zhang Tianyuan's face, and his golden robe trembled slightly as he said sternly, "You are quite calculative... No wonder you hid for five years, waiting for this moment…! Fine… Fine!"
Zhang Tianyuan gritted his teeth as he continued, "First targeting my Zhang Family, then using Azure Pond Sect… Fine! Take your perilous path and see how long you can hold out!"
He then swung his sleeve, his figure disappearing into the distance. This place was filled with forbidden formations left by the ancient Immortal Sect, preventing entry into the Great Void. Even Purple Mansion Realm cultivators had to fly openly.
After Zhang Tianyuan left, Xiao Chuting also stood up, his hands behind his back. To protect that hidden pawn of the Li Family for the Purple Mansion Realm Daoist Master, Xiao Chuting had expended considerable effort, using clues to point all suspicion toward himself. Now, he had thoroughly offended Zhang Tianyuan.
"I hope that senior... has his own plans arranged." Xiao Chuting muttered to himself.
"Chen Mufeng."
Li Yuanjiao picked up the small letter in his hand silently, reading its contents. He looked at the young man half-kneeling before him and praised, "Not yet thirty and already at the peak of Embryonic Breathing Realm… truly a genius!"
Chen Mufeng, with lowered gaze and head, responded loudly, "Clan Brother is the one with a profound affinity for the Dao and is naturally gifted in cultivation! Mufeng is but a firefly's light, incomparable to the brilliance of Clan Brother's moonlight."
Chen Mufeng's words were sincere. Li Yuanjiao, only six or seven years older, had already reached the seventh heavenly layer of the Qi Cultivation Realm, making any comparison futile for Chen Mufeng.
Hearing him call him "Clan Brother," Li Yuanjiao was slightly taken aback. He then remembered that Chen Mufeng was the son-in-law of his clan uncle, Li Qiuyang, and the husband of his cousin, making him his brother-in-law by marriage.
"Have you decided on which cultivation technique to practice?" Li Yuanjiao asked.
Chen Mufeng bowed again and replied, "I will follow the clan's arrangements!"
"Very well," Li Yuanjiao nodded, "then it shall be the River One Qi Technique."
"Thank you, Clan Brother! Thank you! Mufeng will serve the clan with all his might..." Chen Mufeng exclaimed readily with ears pricked up, as he had been waiting for these words. He was overjoyed, bowing excitedly and reciting a string of vows.
Li Yuanjiao merely waved his hand and said softly, "Go to Yuanping to collect the cultivation technique, pills, and spiritual qi. There is no need to report back."
The Li Family's support for external cultivators was indeed generous, as even Li Yuanjiao himself practiced the River One Qi Technique. A technique one grade stronger would significantly enhance one's strength. Chen Mufeng hurriedly thanked him and left in a rush.
Watching the young man leave, Li Yuanjiao turned to Li Xuanxuan and asked softly, "How does he compare to Uncle Donghe?"
Li Xuanxuan, holding a talisman produced by the Azure Pond, carefully scrutinized the brushwork and said, "He lacks Donghe's steadiness, is less tempered, and inevitably reckless, unlike our clan members."
The Li Family's direct descendants were aware of the great treasures they possessed and understood the severe methods of the higher sects. They were always taught the grave consequences of a single moment of negligence, leading to the clan's annihilation. Hence, the younger members like Ximing and Xijun were all introspective and cautious, differing greatly from the ambitious Chen Mufeng.
With the strict clan laws, the atmosphere within the clan was always somber. Li Yuanjiao feared excessive strictness and laughed softly, saying, "As long as he is useful. The clan needs a few with drive."
1. Translator's Note: The Qingming here probably means Qingming Copper which is used to forge weapons. ☜
2. Translator's Note: Hun means "mix" and yi means "one", so Hunyi could also mean "mixed into one". ☜