Li Xijun listened attentively as Bi Chengjuan continued explaining in detail, "To be honest, the cultivation methods of my Dao are closer to those of the Great Xiukui Temple in the east. Both Hengzhu Dao and Xikui Dao were established many years ago as sub-mansions of the Moonlight Immortal Mansion."
He chuckled lightly and said, "Because of this, the Great Xiukui Temple is also facing the same situation and is frequently referred to as the Xikui Dao Gate. The Daoists there are much more ferocious, they'll give anyone who referred to them with the wrong name a good beating."
Li Xijun nodded thoughtfully, noting that Bi Chengjuan seemed to care a lot about speeches. He then looked at the faces of those under the rule of Hengzhu and praised, "Your esteemed Dao is indeed quite ancient!"
"Don't mention it…" Bi Chengjuan replied sadly before changing the subject by asking, "Could you please stay for a few days? I need to return to set up the formation and prepare the necessary pills."
"Of course… how many Spirit Stones will that be?" Li Xijun replied, cupping his fist.
Bi Chengjuan remained polite, but his price was firm.
"Only fifty Spirit Stones will do," he replied.
Li Xijun felt a twinge of pain at the cost but had no choice but to nod in agreement. He took out twenty-five Spirit Stones from his storage pouch as a deposit before taking to the wind again.
Once outside the Hengzhu's territory, Li Xijun grew anxious, unsure of how to bring this up to Li Xuanxuan. His granduncle had been in a position of power for a long time, and although he now bore the weight of spiritual turmoil, he still looked intimidating whenever he wore a stern expression on his face.
Upon landing in Helin Mountain Range again, Li Xijun took out the jade pendant and tried locating his granduncle and the monk. However, the distance between them was probably too great so he could not pinpoint his exact location. After circling around, he finally found them.
He saw Li Xuanxuan standing by a small hill, silently casting spells, while Kongheng stood beside him, guarding him. Li Xijun approached and scanned the terrain with the secret technique in the Chilling Snow Series.
He felt a rush of joy and exclaimed, "So, there is indeed cold water hidden in the water vein underneath here!"
The two performed a series of hand seals and worked together for a while, causing the ground to tremble slightly as a crack as big as a hole the size of a baby's mouth was created in it. Shimmering blue water surged forth, and Li Xijun quickly took out a jade bottle to collect it.
"It's Forest Cold Water… capable of nourishing true essence with cold qi," he remarked.
This spirit water of heaven and earth, while not particularly rare, was located at the intersection of the earth veins. Compared to the Heavenly Pure Essence, it hardly measured up to it.
Yet for Li Xijun, it was a treasure—it could be used to refine true essence and practice the Slaughter Jun Kui Light. He stored it away carefully, feeling his mood improving significantly.
A rare smile also appeared on Li Xuanxuan's face as he suggested, "I'm lucky to have found it so quickly. It's only been a day; we can find some more to keep at home…"
Li Xijun apologized first, then got on his knees and said, "I've heard that Hengzhu Dao has methods to exorcize demons… Why don't we go and take a look first, then come back to search for more?"
Li Xuanxuan glared at him and shouted, "No! What's the big deal? I'll just take two pills before drawing talismans as I usually do… That has always worked!"
Li Xijun gritted his teeth and said firmly, "I have already flown to Hengdong Prefecture and paid the fee earlier. Please come with me, Granduncle."
"YOU!"
It was only at this moment that realization dawned upon Li Xuanxuan. He was too stunned to speak for a moment before finally exclaiming, "I can't believe you and Ming'er are teaming up against me!"
Li Xijun simply bowed his head and replied, "I was too impulsive... If Granduncle refuses to go, everything will be wasted."
Of course, Li Xuanxuan understood what Li Xijun was trying to say. After a long pause, he finally said, "Don't do that again!"
He glanced at Li Xijun then launched into a long-winded lecture about his father, Li Yuanyun, then his grandfather, Li Xuanling, and finally recounted how frugal Li Tongya was when he was still alive—who was too cautious to spend even a single Spirit Stone.
Li Xijun listened silently until he finished speaking before saying, "If Great-grandfather were alive, he wouldn't want to see you torturing yourself like this."
Li Xuanxuan stopped talking immediately and flew in silence for a while. Finally, he murmured, "I didn't notice it back then... If only I could go to Zhenhui Temple in my younger brother's place…"
He turned his head, his aged face stained with tears.
"I, Li Xuanxuan… I will never say another word!"
The old man covered his face and continued lamenting, "I owe him too much... I owe him too much... If Brother Ling were alive, he would have reached the Foundation Establishment Realm by now, unlike me... I am useless! As a result, your father died right in front of me, and I fled alone! How can I face you?! How can I face him?! It would be better for me to die!"
Li Xijun was moved and tried to comfort him, saying, "But our family is doing a lot better now..."
Kongheng, who was standing nearby, had always been an empathetic person. Hearing the old man's distress, he thought to himself, I always thought Li Xuanxuan was a pedantic and stubborn old man... I never realized there was such a story behind him. Clearly, my cultivation is still lacking…
The three of them rode the wind toward the territory of Hengzhu Dao. Bi Chengjuan quickly approached, sweeping his gaze over the three men before eyeing Kongheng warily. His tone turned somewhat cold as he asked, "Where are you from, Master Monk?"
Confused by his attitude, Kongheng replied, "I used to be a Buddhist cultivator from the north but I'm now a guest cultivator of the Li Family."
"Guest cultivator of the Li Family..?"
Bi Chengjuan's expression darkened, but fortunately, he did not show hostility immediately. He merely continued coldly, "Ah yes, Moongaze Lake is near the Great River... I supposed it isn't surprising that the Li Family would take in a few monks."
Sensing the tense atmosphere, Li Xijun quickly clarified, "This is Master Monk Kongheng from Liao River Temple. He practiced in Mobei and followed ancient Buddhist cultivation techniques, strictly adhering to the precepts... Please forgive any misunderstandings..."
Bi Chengjuan realized his mistake and his expression finally softened as he sighed and apologized, "I was too impulsive… I'm truly sorry!"
With a mournful face, he continued, "Many years ago, Murong Xia traveled south, wreaking havoc and eating people everywhere… He even killed my eldest sister! My ancestor fought valiantly, alarming the Azure Pond Sect to intervene, but in the end, nothing came of it."
Bi Chengjuan gritted his teeth and added, "Two of the three Purple Mansions Realm cultivators from my family were dispatched, yet we were still humiliated!"
Master Kongheng then mumbled quietly, "The Murong Family... They seem to practice the Compassion Dharma Form."
"Compassion my ass!"
Bi Chengjuan appeared to be offended by that comment and seethed with anger, saying hatefully, "That Murong Xia killed my eldest sister! H-He... even allowed her soul to appear and persuade my ancestor… Can you believe such a thing is possible in this world?!"
Li Xijun felt a pang of grievance at this revelation, secretly astonished by the strength of the Murong Family.
Hengzhu Dao's Purple Mansion Realm cultivator actually endured such humiliation…?
Bi Chengjuan sighed, then apologized again for letting his emotions get the better of him. He took out five shimmering golden pills from his chest pocket and then said softly, "Please prepare yourself, fellow Daoist..."
He then pulled out a jade knife and explained in a dull tone, "These are body pills that correspond to the five acupoints of the mind… It is part of the ancient cultivation method. I'll cut open your skin and flesh, insert the pills, and then use a secret technique to seal the wounds."
Noticing the surprised expressions on the faces of those around him, he explained, "These pills are engraved with tiny formations. When you enter my Dao's Tranquil Profound Conversion Formation shortly, they will dissolve naturally and help eliminate your inner demons."