Liu Miaotu had roamed the mountain for a full day and night. He had not spotted even a single hare, let alone any immortal treasure.
Frustrated, he plopped down on a large rock and vented his anger toward the idle villagers, “Bah, those stupid dogs must be lying when they said there’s treasure up on this mountain!”
As the mountains grew misty, Liu Miaotu shivered and thought, The mountain beasts might have been driven away years ago, but who can be sure they were all caught? This creeping fog bodes ill. I better descend now...
He rose and trekked down the mountain path for nearly two hours, only to be swallowed by a thick, blinding fog.
“Damn it! How have I not reached the foot yet?”
Staring at the large rock before him, a chill ran down Liu Miaotu’s spine.
“Impossible!” he gasped.
It was the same rock he had sat on before. How was it possible that two hours of walking led him right back to the same spot?!
Liu Miaotu turned and fled in a panic, running until he was out of breath. Yet, there it was again—the rock, right before his very eyes.
“Damn it... I’m trapped.”
As night fell, Liu Miaotu, who was clothed thinly, succumbed to the cold wind and lost consciousness.
By the time he awoke, it was already dawn and he was feeling feverish. He thought he had heard a scream and looked up to see a figure nearby.
He struggled to his feet, then heard a voice shouting, “Who’s there?!”
Dazed and confused, Liu Miaotu’s legs gave way, and he tumbled right in front of the stranger.
Liu Linfeng looked at the face of the person in front of him and immediately recognized him.
Anger surged through him, coloring his face red as he bellowed, “What the hell are you doing here?!”
Liu Miaotu was immediately jolted awake by his voice.
“I came… to gather firewood,” he answered timidly.
“Nonsense!” Liu Linfeng exploded in fury, pointing accusingly at Liu Miaotu. “How dare you venture here without the family’s permission? Do you think this place is for the likes of you?”
As soon as Liu Linfeng said that, he was jarred awake by his own harsh words. A cold shiver ran from the base of his spine to the nape of his neck.
He thought grimly, Why does our Liu Family have such a failure? It's an ill omen. My nephew is cruel and suspicious, there’s no way he can be kept alive. I just hope his actions won’t bring trouble to our family.
As he watched Liu Miaotu kneel and bow desperately before him, an idea formed in Liu Linfeng’s mind.
His expression turned icy as he said, “Come with me if you want to save yourself.”
Liu Miaotu hurriedly followed him into the courtyard. Liu Linfeng took out a thick hemp rope and, with a deft motion, tied Liu Miaotu’s hands behind his back.
“Chief, what are you…” Liu Miaotu’s voice was laced with fear and confusion.
“I’m bringing you along so that you can seek forgiveness and show your sincerity,” Liu Linfeng replied curtly, tying a knife to his waist swiftly.
“Let's go,” he said coldly.
“Y-Yes, thank you, Chief!”
Soon, they reached the front of the courtyard. Liu Linfeng pointed to the muddy ground beside the road and said, “Kneel over there.”
After saying that, he then went to summon Li Tongya and Li Xiangping.
As soon as he entered the courtyard and saw the brothers, Liu Linfeng kneeled and said with evident remorse, “The Liu Family has failed in its discipline. Please, forgive us.”
The sight startled the two brothers, who quickly came over to help Liu Linfeng to his feet.
Li Tongya spoke gravely. “Please get up! What happened?”
After Liu Linfeng recounted Liu Miaotu’s misdeeds with a bitter expression, Li Xiangping merely responded calmly, “You can handle this matter yourself. There’s no need for such formality.”
“Please, follow me.” Liu Linfeng shook his head and led them to where Liu Miaotu knelt.
Upon seeing the three men, Liu Miaotu cried out in terror. Without hesitation, Liu Linfeng stepped forward and swiftly ran the knife across Liu Miaotu’s throat.
Liu Miaotu’s screams were cut short as blood spurted from his neck like a fountain. He coughed violently, spewing blood, then collapsed to the ground with a thud.
“Uncle is always thorough.” Li Xiangping clapped his hands as he watched Liu Miaotu fall.
He then turned to Li Tongya and said with a smile, “He even chose the mud field, so as not to sully our residence’s stone path.”
Li Tongya sighed deeply, looking toward Liu Linfeng. “Uncle, please take care of the rest.”
“Of course,” Liu Linfeng promptly replied, then dragged the body into the forest.
As he left, Li Tongya and Li Xiangping entered the courtyard. Li Tongya wore a troubled expression, but Li Xiangping, patting his shoulder, said solemnly, “He brought it upon himself.”
Li Tongya let out a wry smile, meeting his brother’s gaze and clarified,
“I wasn’t pitying him. I was just reflecting. It was because of your strong leadership in the Li family that Father felt confident in stepping back. The rest of us are not as ruthless, after all.”
Li Xiangping smiled, shook his head, and replied, “You, Li Tongya, would also kill, but only after summoning the villagers as witnesses, listing the eight great sins of the condemned, and ceremoniously executing the sentence. It’s all to ease your conscience. But why complicate matters when you’re still going to kill him in the end?”
Standing before the small courtyard at the foot of the mountain, Li Tongya pondered Li Xiangping’s words.
If I hadn’t killed him, our Li Family could face the same fate as the Wan Family, riddled with betrayal.
Shaking off these thoughts, Li Tongya gently pushed open the courtyard door. Inside, he saw Liu Rouxuan seated cross-legged as she diligently cultivated, breathing spiritual qi.
This Azure Essence Meridian Nourishment Technique focuses on breathing spiritual qi to condense the Profound Scenery Chakra. It’s a slow and inefficient process. No wonder Liu Rouxuan isn’t making significant progress after nearly two years. On the contrary, I heard Li Qiuyang is advancing rapidly with the effect of Snake Dragon Fruit and is expected to condense the Profound Scenery Chakra soon.
Liu Rouxuan’s usually bright demeanor was now replaced by serious concentration. It was a rare sight for Li Tongya so he could not help but spare a few more glances on her.
Her eyelashes fluttered slightly but her breathing was steady. She looked as if she were nearing the end of her meditation, so he quickly averted his eyes.
Liu Rouxuan’s eyes flickered open, and upon seeing Li Tongya, she exclaimed with a hint of surprise, “Brother Ya!”
“Mhm.” Li Tongya hung his head and hummed softly, almost as if he felt guilty for staring earlier.
Liu Rouxuan gazed at the side of his face, then suddenly said glumly, “I’m already seventeen. Most in the village are likely married with children by now. Yet, here I am, without even a companion.”
Li Tongya shook his head at her words and responded softly, “Once you’ve embarked on the immortal path, such worldly matters become less important. You’re not like them. Focusing on your cultivation and condensing the Profound Scenery Chakra should be your primary concern.”
“But I am diligent! I cultivate for sixteen hours a day!” Liu Rouxuan pouted and quickly defended herself, then looked up at Li Tongya again.
“Brother Ya, are you single because of cultivation too?”
Li Tongya nodded lightly in response.
Liu Rouxuan’s cheeks were tinged with a faint blush, and with a slightly trembling breath, she asked, “Brother Tongya… could you… perhaps consider someone like me?”