"My lady... what is this? What's going on here?!" the old ministers asked.
Li Feiruo sat at the head of the table, smiling radiantly at the old ministers below. They were all white-haired and visibly anxious, repeatedly saying, "We all contributed to the fight against Qimu! Why, then, are our people being captured?! T-T-The notion that they are remnants of Qimu is a grave misunderstanding!"
Li Feiruo furrowed her brow and beckoned the anxious ministers closer, speaking softly, "Each of you has indeed contributed greatly… and I hold that in my heart. Early this morning, I heard that people from several clans had been taken away, and I immediately went to inquire with the head of the family."
The old ministers looked at each other and then cupped their fists, but their eyes still were heavy with doubt.
"Thank you, my lady! But… about these remnants of Qimu..."
Li Feiruo waved her hand with a helpless expression.
"This matter is under Young Master Jiao's control… He's tyrannical and lawless, and even the Young Family Head fears him somewhat. Naturally, I am powerless… To make things worse, Young Master Jiao's mother is from the Mulu Clan, and Mu Jiaoman is his granduncle. Qimu has murdered his own brothers and father… Young Master Jiao naturally hates him to the bone. If your offspring fall into the hands of such a brutal and greedy person, they will undoubtedly suffer!"
Upon hearing this, the clan elders who had come seeking an explanation were all startled. The younger ones were anxious and unsure of what to do, while a few older ones exchanged glances, relieved.
This is just extortion. It's our wealth they're after, not our lives…
Li Feiruo, now grinning, watched as an elderly man with white hair stood up. Highly respected among the clans and seasoned from a lifetime in the bureaucracy, he naturally knew what Li Feiruo wanted.
He coughed, then slowly cupped his fist and said, "My lady, having sent an army of justice to support the Great King… My Wutu Clan once served the false king but has now seen the light. Now, in fear, we wish to offer the spirit fields under our control and over thirty spirit items. We seek nothing else but to serve the upper sect. We hope my lady can speak kindly of us in front of Young Master Jiao."
This old man was decisive and smart. Knowing there was no way he could keep the spirit fields, he readily offered all of them along with more than thirty spirit items.
Though these items—mostly Embryonic Breathing Realm shamanic tools and spirit items—could not compare to the dharma artifacts and pills of immortal cultivators, they could certainly serve the Li Family's lower-level cultivators well.
"The old clan chief is indeed magnanimous." Li Feiruo nodded in approval.
These shamanic tools and spirit items were many years of savings by the clan, and even for a clan that had dominated this land for years, offering over thirty items was a significant sacrifice.
She glanced at the other clan leaders who, after exchanging looks with each other, made similar offers.
"We're willing to offer twenty-five plots of spirit fields... and fifteen spirit items..."
"Our clan is willing to offer fifteen plots of spirit fields and twenty spirit items..."
After listening to them all, Li Feiruo finally smiled in satisfaction.
"Everyone, please calm down… I understand all your positions. For now, go back and wait for my news. I will speak with Young Master Jiao and get back to you all later."
Seeing that Li Feiruo had already spoken to dismiss them, they could only reluctantly leave the room.
Once Li Feiruo saw that the room was empty, she called someone over and instructed, "Follow them and take care of the spirit fields and items. Make sure to account for everything each family has ceded. Record them in a register, and send it to Young Master Jiao. He will decide whom to kill based on this… Those who give less will face more executions among their ranks, while those who offer more will see their members spared to a greater extent. Within three days, these old fellows will naturally come looking for me again."
"Understood," the attendant beside her replied before she withdrew.
Li Feiruo, with a gleeful smile, picked up her brush. She fondly circled it over the fabric before her, musing to herself.
Having great power and pressuring others is truly intoxicating... I wonder if I can secure a decent position when I return to town.
In the palace of Mulu Town, Mu Jiaoman had built many prisons during his construction of the palace to detain dissenters. As his rule became more stable, these prisons became emptier.
Now that Shamoli had risen to power, the prisons had suddenly filled up again, with rooms originally meant for one person now packed with three to five prisoners each. It was cramped and filthy, with urine and feces everywhere.
Li Yuanjiao raised the whip in his hand before stepping on the blood-stained face beneath his foot. His expression shifted as he whipped the man on the ground, causing him to scream in pain. His voice was dangerously low when he spoke.
"Say it again."
"Mu Jiaoman... is Jianixi's younger brother… They had the same father... different mothers, Jianixi's... mother was a slave... she fled into the woods to give birth to him..." the man answered weakly.
Li Yuanjiao fell silent for a moment, then whipped the man again, demanding, "How many spirit items and fields does your clan have? Don't hide anything, you're not the only person in the Wutu Clan."
"I-I'm just a mortal... I really don't know!" the man pleaded in pain, trembling.
Li Yuanjiao waved his hand dismissively before whipping him a few more times. He only paused when an attendant handed him a small letter, interrupting his assault.
He glanced at it and sneered, "You're a thoroughly wicked person. I guess physical pain isn't enough for you… please don't blame me for this."
As he spoke, his second stage Embryonic Breathing Realm aura burst forth. Not waiting for the man to plead further, he struck the man's head with his mana-enhanced whip, causing it to explode instantly. Blood and brain matter splattered everywhere, staining the ground.
"Report to the young master. The lady has sent over the register."
Li Yuanjiao turned and took the document, scanning it from top to bottom once more, making thorough mental notes. He then issued a command, and another prisoner was dragged out of a cell, crying and begging for mercy.
Just as Li Yuanjiao raised his whip again, a voice transmitted by mana reached him, stopping him in his tracks.
"Young Brother Jiao, hold on!"
Li Yuanjiao pursed his lips, then saw Shamoli stumbling into the room hurriedly. He awkwardly began, "Brother Jiao, I know you hold resentment in your heart... but the people of the six major clans and our Mulu Clan have deep relations. Could you perhaps… show them some mercy for my sake…?"
"Oh, it's you, Brother Shamoli…" Li Yuanjiao smiled as he tossed aside his whip and said with a cheerful smile, "You've just ascended the throne, and there are many affairs to handle within the state. Leave these minor matters to me; there is no need to trouble yourself to come here."
Shamoli chuckled. Since ascending the throne, he had indeed taken up the role with great fanfare, but every day, the matters that reached him were merely trivial issues of the state. None of the key issues ever came to his hands, leaving him so frustrated that he was lost for words.
His visit this time was because the six major clans had already sent sufficient gifts, and he also wanted to use this opportunity to gauge Li Yuanjiao's intentions, to see when the Li Family would leave.
Seeing Shamoli smiling awkwardly without speaking, Li Yuanjiao explained, "I'm trying to eliminate dissenters for you, to establish authority. Rest assured, leave this matter to me, I know the limits..."
Shamoli, already indebted to Li Yuanjiao, was even more at a loss for words, and could only sigh softly. "When will Brother Jiao return to Lijing Town? I'll also arrange the time to fulfill my duties as the host!"
Li Yuanjiao laughed heartily and said in a low voice, "If the six major clans cooperate and the remnants of Qimu can be dealt with within a month, we'll return east. If the six clans drag their feet and resist, it might take months or even half a year!"
Shamoli was pleased to hear this, knowing that once the Li Family finished exploiting the six major clans, they would leave. He quickly replied, "I understand! I understand!"
Li Yuanjiao patted his shoulder, speaking warmly, "I understand the difficulties you face, brother… I'm also acting under orders. We indeed trouble you by staying here, but as soon as the six major clans cooperate, I'll write to the elders to return east early, and we won't linger any longer on your territory!"
Eager to witness the departure of the Li Family and indifferent to the concerns of the six major clans, Shamoli felt a great weight lifted off his shoulders. He nodded gratefully and said, "Brother Yuanjiao is selfless indeed… I will do my best to cooperate, brother!"