"What?! Mount Huazhong has fallen..? An Zheyan, supported by the Li Family, has turned against us..."
Yu Mugao crushed the ink brush in his hand with a loud snap. He raised his head with a gloomy expression, the ferocity of his anger comparable to that of a venomous snake as he glared at the cultivator kneeling on the steps before him. He could barely suppress his rage, yet could not bring himself to curse out loud.
He coughed, tasting blood in his mouth, but forcefully swallowed it back down, unwilling to show weakness before his scheming relatives. He pressed his lips tightly together.
"The Li Family... have they gone mad? Where did they get the nerve to challenge the Yu Family under An Zheyan's banner?"
Yu Mugao immediately grasped the underlying truth. He knew that it was the Li Family leading this assault, and his shock and anger at such a realization was immense.
The Yu Family's dominance over the lake had been maintained for many years, bolstered by disciples from the immortal sect. No other family on the lake dared openly oppose the Yu Family. Though conflicts and covert schemes were rampant, on the surface at least, everyone was courteous enough. Even Fei Wangbai, despite secretly hating the Yu Family, still showed respect to Yu Xiaogui in public.
The An Family had been a vassal territory under the Yu Family. Officially, it remained the An Family, but in reality, it had become a tributary of the Yu Family, a common fact known to all the families that were around the lake.
The Li Family attacking Mount Huazhong under An Zheyan's banner was not just a declaration of war; it was a public slap in the face to the Yu Family, which shocked and infuriated Yu Mugao.
"Damn the Li Family! We could not act for a few years, and now they have grown bold!" Yu Mugao growled, putting on a show for the guest cultivators and his clan members.
But internally, alarms were ringing. He thought worriedly, Li Tongya isn't reckless! He wouldn't act unless he's confident... Could it be Li Chejing..?
His face darkened further. Yu Mugao couldn't help but speculate such thoughts in his mind. Their family's ancestor had disappeared, seemingly under the influence of some kind of spell, and now the Li Family, who used to keep a low profile, had boldly attacked Mount Huazhong.
A shiver of fear ran through him as he wondered, "Could it be... Li Chejing the Sword Immortal has returned?!"
If this guess was correct, Yu Yufeng's fate had become clear. Yu Mugao didn't know the comparative strengths of Li Chejing and Yu Yufeng, but the thought left him in turmoil. He whispered, "Any news from the ancestor?"
"None..." The servant answered timidly.
Seeing the subordinates' timid responses, Yu Mugao straightened up despite his weariness and then asked, "Any news from Yu Mujian?"
"None..." the servant responded, still providing the same answer.
Yu Mugao sighed, muttering, "Nonsense... All nonsense! Unbelievable..."
Yu Mujian had declared that he would pursue the way of the sword, heading north toward the Golden Tang Gate. However, in over ten years, he had only sent back three letters, and they were all filled with dismissive remarks.
Now, with Yu Yufeng heading south and Yu Xiaogui's delayed return, Yu Mugao felt powerless. He could only write to Yu Muxian in the sect, begging for help, hoping to persuade the master of Yuanwu Peak to intervene.
In the past, Yu Mugao had never disturbed this younger brother of his unless Yu Muxian repeatedly sent letters demanding resources for cultivation. Nearly half of the Yu Family's spirit items and stones had been sent to Yu Muxian to build connections and enhance his cultivation. Now, facing such a dire crisis, Yu Mugao had no choice but to write for help.
As he retracted his gaze, the ornate stone door of the hall suddenly creaked open. A middle-aged man in gray robes stepped in silently, his expression solemn. Yu Mugao's face lit up with joy.
He stepped forward and exclaimed, "Father!"
Yu Xiaogui nodded slightly and waved his sleeve. Following closely behind him was another person, a pale-faced man with a long beard, holding a fan and exuding an air of frivolity. Yu Xiaogui introduced him to the pale-faced man with a smile.
"This is my son… Yu Mugao."
Yu Mugao had a lot to say but held back his words, greeting the man respectfully, "Mugao greets the senior."
The pale-faced cultivator waved his hand, the jade ornaments on his body jingling softly. He was also a Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator and he replied softly, "Wu Shaoyun from the Wu Family of Southern Prefecture."
"So, you're from an influential family in the Lixia Prefecture!" Yu Mugao responded perfunctorily, quickly using his mana to transmit all the news he had to his father.
Yu Xiaogui was slightly displeased by his son's lack of manners but was soon taken aback by the stream of information. Despite his shock, he maintained his composure, restraining his anger as he said softly, "Please wait a moment, Brother Wu. I will return shortly."
Wu Shaoyun nodded lightly, his expression unreadable, and sat down before the jade platform in the hall as the crowd dispersed. Yu Xiaogui and Yu Mugao went to the rear courtyard, where Yu Xiaogui's expression changed drastically.
He growled lowly, "I only attended a ceremony at the Xiao Family and visited a few old friends… How did this happen in just a few days?!"
Yu Mugao gritted his teeth and replied softly, "These people took advantage of Father's absence to make their move!"
Seeing his eldest son's tired and pale face, Yu Xiaogui realized that his son also had it rough during his absence. Holding back his urge to scold his son, he asked quietly, "What is the Li Family's intention?"
"I'm guessing that Li Chejing the Sword Immortal has returned from the southern border and plans to deal with the ancestor..." Yu Mugao shared his suspicions, though something still felt off.
He was about to speculate further before Yu Xiaogui waved his hand and said harshly, "Perhaps they used some special treasure to exploit the ancestor's situation. The ancestor is powerful; Li Chejing is only an early-stage Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator. He cannot hold him. At most… he can only delay him. The ancestor has always been cautious and would flee immediately if necessary. We need not worry. However, the matter of Mount Huazhong cannot be left unaddressed… If we ignore it, our family won't be able to maintain its standing on the lake. We must go to Mount Huazhong!"
Yu Mugao hesitated but nodded, anxiously saying, "Father, the ancestor's disappearance is suspicious. I fear... there may be a trap at Mount Huazhong!"
"They would not dare harm me."
Yu Xiaogui's expression was cold as he continued, "Aside from the many witnesses on the mountain, I am Muxian's father and a Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator. Even if the sect is in turmoil, Li Chejing won't dare kill me; the same goes for the ancestor. If a Clarity Talisman is used, Li Chejing's reputation will be good as gone!"
Yu Mugao's thoughts were halted by his father's swift and logical reasoning. He nodded and said in a serious tone, "Father, I cannot help but still sense that something is amiss! Do not engage Li Chejing! Confirm the news and return… We can plan further then..."
Yu Xiaogui nodded noncommittally, clearly not taking him seriously. He replied, "The ancestor has not returned, so Li Chejing cannot be at Mount Huazhong. Li Tongya is most likely leading the men. This is a great opportunity! He is just a Qi Cultivator; there is much we can do! We must make the Li Family pay!"
Yu Mugao wanted to say more, but Yu Xiaogui had already hurried out of the hall. He cupped his fist toward Wu Shaoyun, who unexpectedly folded his fan and smiled.
"Are you heading to the Li Family, Brother Yu?" he asked.
"Indeed..." Yu Xiaogui was startled.
Wu Shaoyun tossed his fan up and caught it steadily, saying with a smile, "The noise downstairs caught my attention as an outsider."
It turned out that the arguments among Yu Mugao's uncles and brothers had reached Wu Shaoyun's ears. Yu Xiaogui could only smile awkwardly and nod.
Wu Shaoyun stood up slowly, his eyes fierce as he spoke in a low voice.
"I intend to accompany Brother Yu! My family has been investigating a matter for ten years and has finally found some clues… I have some questions for the Li Family in Lijing!"