In the darkness of the night, every household in Great Jueting City had shut their doors. Earlier, the esteemed families had been massacred and the blood had yet to be washed away. It left the city as silent as a grave.
Amidst the darkness, the elite family troops and Jade Court Guards were secretly withdrawn. They disguised themselves as Mount Yue warriors, and quickly assembled. By the time Dili Youjie's forces left the city, three hundred soldiers were already standing before the formation like ghosts.
Under the night sky, Li Zhouwei stood clad in iron armor. A crimson cloud pearl at his waist glowed faintly, while his halberd rested against the ground. Beneath him, his spirit horse at the peak stage of the Embryonic Breathing Realm, Zhongsuo, gazed sharply into the distance with its eyes gleaming with intelligence.
As a group of Mount Yue warriors slowly took their positions before him, Li Zhouwei’s halberd began to glow with a faint red light.
The Armor Cycle Soul-Refining Halberd Art
This halberd art was brought back from the Eastern Sea by Li Xuanfeng. It was written by a long-forgotten general of the ancient Liang State and was an exceptionally old halberd art. As its name suggests, it was more than just a technique or skill. This was the art of halberd.However, it was an art, not merely a martial skill.
The essence of this halberd art lay in soul refinement. Each time an army was overturned, a sect annihilated, or a formation shattered, the halberd art would grow stronger. From the moment one began to learn it, dark shadows would shroud the halberd. When one mastered this halberd art to its fullest extent, it would summon raging soul phantoms, unleashing immense power.
As for its rank, it was impossible to evaluate like most ancient techniques. It did not seem to belong to the traditional Purple Mansion or Golden Core Dao system, making it even harder to classify. However, anyone who could execute the moves of a halberd art that had been refined through multiple combats and honed by warfare would undoubtedly be a powerful force in leading soldiers on the battlefield.
The red glow flickered quietly in the night, causing the Mount Yue warriors to glance up in alarm. As more eyes turned toward him, the red light on Li Zhouwei’s halberd intensified. He spoke in a deep voice, "Dili Youjie! Lead the troops forward slowly and don't cause any unnecessary disturbance. Hold position before Chan Pass and do not engage. Wait for my command at daybreak."
Dili Youjie knelt down steadily while Li Zhouwei spurred his horse forward. The family troops disappeared into the distance like the wind. As Dili Youjie stood up, he heard the murmuring voices of his subordinates below. "Jianixi..."
Dili Youjie was shocked and dared not let such talk spread. His voice was sharp as he rebuked them, "What nonsense are you spouting?! That is…"
However, with Li Zhouwei’s strict orders in mind, Dili Youjie dared not reveal that Zhouwei was the heir of the Li Family. He could only say, "We follow the king into the pass. Once we breach it and push north, the king’s title will be proclaimed. When we take the royal court of Northern Mount Yue, you and I shall be of esteemed lineage!"
Having voiced his ambitions, the Mount Yue warriors around him widened their eyes in shock.
To the north. Li Zhouwei’s horse galloped swiftly like a falling star, while Kongheng followed at an unhurried pace. The young man tilted his head slightly and asked, "Master Monk, how many people still recognize the name Undefeated King Of Brightness today?"
Kongheng shook his head slightly and replied, "This name has been transliterated multiple times from the language of the northern ethnic minorities and it has long been forgotten. Even if some recognize the title King of Brightness, they wouldn’t know how many times the title has changed. It is simply how we of Liao River refer to it."
"Good." Li Zhouwei responded with a single word, already grasping the situation. He mused, "It seems Bright Yang has been lost for many years. Its records and descriptions are completely erased… That is a good thing."
As he spoke, Chan Pass swiftly came into view. The green stone walls, darkened by the night, looked somber and foreboding. He glanced at it twice before instructing someone to step forward and speaking in a low voice, "Knock on the gate."
A man beside Li Zhouwei reined in his horse. He had thick brows, large eyes, and unkempt hair. He was Dili Youjie’s younger brother, who had come along as a guide for the Li Family. Lowering his head to listen, he heard Li Zhouwei speak softly, "Tell them that Great Jueting is slaughtering the esteemed families and that we have fled to seek refuge with the remnants of Northern Mount Yue. Say that this troop consists of direct descendants. As long as they let us in, we will offer our family's spirit items in full."
The Dili Family man nodded and quickly advanced. Li Zhouwei simply sat atop his horse in silence, completely unbothered. The disparity in strength and intelligence between the two sides was too vast and this deception was merely a way to save time.
After all, from Northern Mount Yue’s perspective, if this were truly the Li Family, why would they bother with such elaborate schemes? A direct assault by Foundation Establishment cultivators would have sufficed. Naturally, they would never suspect the Li Family.
Behind him, Li Wushao clearly shared the same thought. After a brief wait, he spoke in a sinister tone, "My heir… why don’t I just smash through this pass and storm in at once?"
Li Zhouwei gently shook his head.
In the darkness, Chen Yang lay low on his horse, seemingly piecing things together in his mind. It seems he wants Chan Pass intact, to make it appear as if the Dili Family is invading from the north… to avoid alerting the enemy?
While Chen Yang was deep in thought, a large basket was lowered from above. A young warrior of the Dili FAmily knelt and said, "Master, the garrison commander says the troops must wait outside. Only the one in charge may step forward."
Chen Yang remarked with a small grunt, "They’re somewhat cautious."
Li Zhouwei spoke in a low, mocking tone, "I doubt he’s just after these spirit items!"
Chen Yang chuckled softly, playing along. "He’s most likely planning to offer up the heads of these remnants to curry favor with the Li Family!"
Li Zhouwei planted his halberd firmly into the ground and tilted his head slightly as he said, "Senior Wushao, I’ll have to trouble you. Spare the garrison commander’s life. I still have use for him."
Li Wushao nodded slowly before drifting weightlessly into the basket. The rope above jerked as if pulled up hastily, making the entire scene seem somewhat ironic.
Once Li Wushao infiltrated their ranks, Chen Yang silently counted to seventeen before the pass’s grand formation was suddenly deactivated. The gates swung open, revealing a group of Mount Yue warriors kneeling inside. As Li Zhouwei rode forward, the cultivators on either side stepped back, revealing the blood-soaked ground beneath them.
Heads rolled across the ground.
The garrison commander trembled violently, presenting his bone sword with both hands. Li Zhouwei did not take it but instead ascended the pass step by step. In the distance, the Dili Family’s forces had begun to appear.
Only then did Li Zhouwei take a glance at the man from Mount Yue, who had been frightened out of his wits. The man was merely at the fourth stage of the Embryonic Breathing Realm. After witnessing Li Wushao’s skills, he collapsed onto the ground and kowtowed repeatedly as he pleaded, "Greetings, Great King! Greetings, Great King! Du Dou is willing to serve under you and gather forces on your behalf!"
Li Zhouwei remained silent, his gaze causing Du Dou to break out in a cold sweat. When Dili Youjie rushed up onto the pass, the young heir simply waved his hand and spoke softly, "Revolt."
Chen Yang nodded while his mind was already forming a clear plan. He said with a smile, "Draft a proclamation and spread the word. Announce to all Northern Mount Yue factions that Du Dou acted on a secret decree from Mount Wu and allowed Dili Youjie into the pass to raise an army at Chan Pass."
Dili Youjie broke into a cold sweat upon hearing this. He had once again been thrust into the heart of the storm. But after glancing at Li Wushao and Kongheng beside him, he quickly calmed down. Meanwhile, Chen Yang stepped forward slightly, and Li Zhouwei said with a chuckle, ". Dili Youjie is already one of our own and Northern Mount Yue will eventually find out about this. I must have a title, or else It’s still rather inconvenient."
Dili Youjie didn’t understand Li Zhouwei’s mind as deeply as Chen Yang did, but he had his own ways of flattering him.. He quickly bowed deeply and said respectfully, "Great King, your brilliance shines like the sun. In the barbarian tongue, it is called Grand Concord of Radiance. I wish to honor you with this title!"
Seeing Li Zhouwei nod in approval, Chen Yang quickly added, "Then let’s proceed with the arrangements. Mobilize the troops! Before the Northern Court can react… we will march north swiftly!"
Li Zhouwei left the details to Chen Yang and idly gazed toward the sky. He wasn’t sure where Li Xijun and the others were hiding, but he muttered to himself, "Let’s see how the ruler of the Northern Mount Yue reacts… It would be best if this draw Mount Wu’s attention."
Dorlaken's Thoughts
Hello! Thanks for reading TML! Just notifying some term changes.
The Chi Family mentioned in Chapter 630 has been changed to Chee Family to prevent confusion with the actual CHI FAMILY.