“In a few more years, it will be time to head to the prefecture to pay the tributes and report the emergence of Qi Cultivators in our Li Family. By that time, it would be best to have a good hundred Spirit Stones saved up… that way I would be able to hire a Formation Master to set up a formation here.”
Li Xuanfeng had entered seclusion a few days ago. For a cultivator of the peak Embryonic Breathing Realm, the Qi Cultivation Realm was not far from his reach now. Li Tongya had handed over the Golden Front Slash Technique and the Golden Stone Sharp Qi to Li Xuanfeng to aid him in breaking through to the Qi Cultivation Realm.
The Ji Family’s Golden Light Edge Technique was also a Grade Three technique — not at all inferior to the River One Qi Technique. On the contrary, it was more suitable for bow users like Li Xuanfeng. Hence, Li Tongya had handed it over to him in the hopes that Li Xuanfeng would go to the Cloud Crowned Peak as the representative of the Li Family to submit the tributes the next time around.
Although Li Tongya had broken through to the Qi Cultivation Realm, his cultivation speed was astonishing. After receiving the Deep Ocean Long Whale Talisman, he experienced a series of breakthroughs and had already attained the fifth heavenly layer of the Qi Cultivation Realm.
The last time he went to pay the tributes, he was only at the peak of the Embryonic Breathing Realm. Such progress would inevitably attract unwanted attention.
Li Tongya was cautious and naturally unwilling to take such a risk.
Although Li Xuanfeng was considered an amazing talent for breaking through to the Qi Cultivation Realm at the age of fifteen, for Li Tongya who had spent his first thirty years slowly advancing to suddenly attain the fifth heavenly layer of the Qi Cultivation Realm within five years would definitely raise suspicions.
“Is Second Uncle in seclusion?” Li Xuanxuan asked.
“Clan Uncle has been in seclusion for a few days, and was said to be working on stabilizing his cultivation,” Li Xiewen replied with a nod.
After making the necessary arrangements for the family, Li Xuanxuan was about to get up but was interrupted when a clan soldier hurried to the door.
“Reporting to the Family Head: Lichuankou Village has sent someone here. A group from Mount Yue came from the west, bringing with them a swath of wagons and slaves, saying that it was Eastern Mount Yue coming to beg for subjugation.”
“Subjugation?!” Li Xuanxuan froze and almost laughed out loud as heard the announcement from the soldier.
“We and Mount Yue belong to two major powers… no matter how many villages he has been begging for subjugation, we wouldn’t dare to accept them. What does that even mean? It seems that this Mu Jiaoman is so afraid that he can no longer sit still…” He sneered coldly.
Jianixi had died, and within a year, the whole of Mount Yue was torn apart, blown up into several small forces.
Vagrants and swordsmen were everywhere.
Li Xuanxuan’s informants in the west had heard the news that Mu Jiaoman had consolidated six or seven villages near the Li Family’s territory and called it Ten Thousand Mount Yue — also known as Eastern Mount Yue.
Mu Jiaoman was the only Qi Cultivator among the Ten Thousand Mount Yue, and Li Tongya was now far stronger than him.
This had emboldened Li Tongya and Li Xuanxuan, who had considered crossing the border to blackmail Mu Jiaoman several times on multiple occasions.
After all, Mount Wu never kept Mount Yue in their best interests. As long as the Li Family did not openly annex territory, they could be bothered most of the time.
Although Mount Yue’s territory was in chaos now, Li Tongya remained cautious, delaying heading to the west to meet Mu Jiaoman. He did not want to risk their lives to test the patience of those from Mount Wu, yet what he did not expect was for Mu Jiaoman to send people to knock on their door himself.
“That group of Mount Yue said that they are willing to form alliances through political marriage, trade, or offer tributes, and only ask for one thing in return.”
“What is it?” Li Xuanxuan asked curiously, glancing up at the soldier. However, he already had a solid guess in his heart as to what it could possibly be.
“They ask that the Qi Cultivators from the Li Family do not cross the border.”
Li Xuanxuan burst out laughing immediately, feeling all his previous pent-up frustration in his chest being relieved right away.
"They really change their attitude quickly! We have been living in fear under the threat of Jianixi for so many years… and now it is Mount Yue’s turn to fear my family,” he mocked in forced amusement.
“So, this is what life is like in an easterner tribe?”
Mu Yalu, with a large cart of leather skin and grain trailing behind her, took a few cautious steps forward while the clan soldiers eyed them warily, their spears and long sabers at the ready.
“We’ve come to surrender!” a Mount Yue tribesman beside Mu Yalu announced loudly. Unfortunately for him, the Li Family’s clan soldiers paid him little attention, their eyes brimming with caution.
Mu Yalu let out a soft sigh. Instead of feeling sorrow for leaving her home, she was filled with deep envy.
The people living here are well-dressed and well-fed. They all have a contented look on their faces, and the clothes they wear are finer than those worn by nobles in Mount Yue. The weapons they carry and the armor they wear are sturdy and complete… it’s astonishing.
Nowadays, locusts have swarmed into the fifteen villages, and there are people in Great Jueting who died of starvation… the difference between our lives is almost like night and day.
The clan soldiers quickly parted and a shrewd-looking teenager clad in leather armor came through.
Mu Yalu quickly cupped her fist like the easterners usually did and addressed him in a soft voice, “Are you the head of the Li Family?”
Mu Yalu had made an effort to wash away the body paint she had been marked with at home and had quickly adapted, learning the etiquette of easterners. After enduring numerous scoldings, she finally learned how to walk and speak gracefully.
“I wouldn’t dare to say that… I am Li Xiewen, the Li Family’s clan manager. Please, come forward.”
Li Xiewen guided Mu Yalu forward, and a clan soldier immediately stepped forward to disarm her, making sure that she was not a cultivator before allowing her to approach Li Xuanxuan.
Li Xuanxuan stroked his chin as he regarded Mu Yalu, noting her wild beauty. He spoke softly, “Why has Eastern Mount Yue sent someone here?”
Mu Yalu quickly lowered her head and explained, “Greetings, head of Li Family… I am Mu Yalu, the younger sister of Mu Jiaoman. We are willing to form an alliance with your family through trade, political marriage, or even through paying tributes. We only ask that the Li Family refrain from crossing the border to kill.”
Mu Yalu’s words caused a stir among the surrounding soldiers. Mount Yue had only raided their lands the year before, but now they were sending their wealth to curry favor with them. The stark contrast was startling indeed.
“We have spent a long time searching for the easterners that Jianixi has abducted before. They are in the carriages at the back, and we are returning them home. We sincerely came to seek peace! If the Family Head agrees… I, Mu Yalu, am willing to be the first to enter a political union through marriage with the Li Family.”
Mu Yalu respectfully referred to the subjects of the Li Family as easterners without any demeaning intent, before presenting a wooden box containing a white fruit.
“Our Great King offers this spirit fruit as a symbol of apology for our past aggression… We hope to let the bygones be bygones. This spirit fruit holds great benefits for Qi Cultivators… We hope that you will accept it,” she said respectfully in a quiet voice.
Li Xuanxuan cast a glance at her, and someone immediately came forward to receive the fruit. Then, with a solemn tone, he replied, “Please give us some time, we need to further discuss this matter first.”
Mu Yalu nodded in understanding and stepped backward. Li Xuanxuan then whispered in Li Xiewen’s ear, “Get someone to release the captives first.”
With those words, he turned and led his men toward Mount Lijing.
The clan soldiers moved to release the bound captives, which immediately prompted some shouts from the Mount Yue tribesmen.
“Your family’s great king hasn’t agreed to our terms yet!”
Mu Yalu frowned and was about to intervene, but before she could do anything, one of the Mount Yue men was struck down — bloodied and missing three teeth.
“YOU!”
Mu Yalu quickly halted the crowd and shook her head sadly, realizing that whether or not the negotiations succeeded, these possessions and slaves would be taken away.
Li Tongya had only been in seclusion for a few days when a knock sounded at the cave dwelling. He frowned slightly.
“Come in.”
Li Xuanxuan entered at his command and respectfully reported, “Second Uncle, Mount Yue has sent an envoy seeking peace.”
He then detailed the terms. Li Tongya listened attentively and responded in a deep voice, “Mu Jiaoman is an easy man to read… he’s rash and loves women. We can expect him to work but not expect great things out of him. He’s nothing compared to Jianixi, but it’s good to have him keep an eye on the western front for us.”
“If we were to eliminate him, the Ten Thousand Mount Yue would collapse overnight. Though it would throw them into chaos for a few years, who knows what dangerous figures may rise in their place… it’s better to keep him alive,” he concluded with a deep frown of contemplation.
Li Xuanxuan nodded in agreement and added, “Mount Yue lacks skill in craftsmanship and casting… if they open up to commerce, it's akin to gaining an extra hundred thousand sharecroppers! Moreover, Second Uncle’s talismans can be sold at a high price without the need to compete in the market. By the time our family is able to do alchemy, we can turn East Mount Yue into our dumping ground, just as how the Azure Pond Sect works.”
Li Tongya rubbed his chin thoughtfully and said, “Very well, Mu Yalu is yours to take as a concubine. Just arrange for a woman in the minor sect to marry over… ensure that the selection is meticulous.”
“Understood,” Li Xuanxuan replied with a nod.
But just as he was about to leave, Li Tongya paused and turned his head.
“How many sons does Mu Jiaoman have?” he asked after a moment.
Li Xuanxuan paused thoughtfully.
“I’m not sure. I’ll have someone find out and report back to you, Second Uncle.”
Li Tongya nodded and then dismissed him. After a brief moment of contemplation, he picked up his brush, dipped it in ink, and began to draw a talisman.