Yi Mountain City.
The formations over Yi Mountain City glowed brightly, their intricate patterns appearing especially sharp in the winter snow. Golden light approached from afar, landing upon the city walls.
“Greetings, General!”
Li Xuanfeng rode the wind toward the city, carrying in his hand the corpse of a scaly demonic beast. Its blue eyes stared lifelessly at the sky, long dead. The guards on either side stepped back respectfully, addressing him as General.
He nodded briefly and descended the steps. Then, he walked straight to his residence and pushed the door open. The house had no servants and was somewhat dimly lit. Inside, a young man crouched in the courtyard, carefully adjusting a longbow in his hands.
At the brief sound of the door opening, the young man lifted his gaze. His features bore a seventy-percent resemblance to Li Xuanfeng. Especially his sharp eyebrows which carried a rebellious air. With just a glance, he raised a brow and said, “Father, you have returned.”
There was no particular excitement in his tone, though his lips trembled slightly with some unspoken emotion. He turned toward the courtyard and called out, “Mother!”
Li Xuanfeng stood quietly, the air in the residence growing noticeably colder due to the residual water qi emanating from the dead beast in his grasp. Li Xuanfeng watched as the youth turned his back, his expression remaining composed.
“Husband!” Ning Hemian rushed out from the courtyard. She had aged as well, now in the late stage of the Qi Cultivation Realm. She hurried to his side, her eyes pausing momentarily on the gruesome wound on his neck. Her voice trembled softly as she choked back tears, “Oh…”
Li Xuanfeng gently patted her back, tossing the severed tail of the beast aside. His hands were covered in fine, scale-like wounds. He spoke in a low voice, “They were mostly young ones. I merely killed too hastily and inevitably suffered a few wounds.”
Li Yuanqin stood nearby, glancing at the wounds on his father’s hands. One hand was tucked into his sleeve, while the other gripped his bow tightly, as if deep in thought.
Ning Hemian sobbed softly against his chest twice before quickly composing herself and saying, “Since you have returned, you must go see the Daoist Master at once. His moods have been unpredictable in recent years and many of my brothers have suffered his wrath.”
Li Xuanfeng nodded slightly, turned the scaly aquatic beast sideway, and sliced open its belly. From within, he retrieved dozens of silk pouches that were all tied together in a bundle. The pouches were dripping with blood and hanging from a jade talisman.
He picked up the bundle, concealed his presence and silently slipped out of the residence.
Li Yuanqin saw everything clearly but remained silent. Only after Li Xuanfeng disappeared did a flicker of realization and a shadow of resentment rise in his expression. Ning Hemian called his name twice before he snapped back to attention and softly responded, “Mother.”
Ning Hemian frowned and said in a low voice, “Your father rarely has the chance to return, only a few times in ten years. Why do you show no joy at all?”
Li Yuanqin remained silent. Suddenly, a bright and youthful voice rang out from outside the residence. “Brother Qin, are you home?!”
“It’s the two brothers of the Chi Family again!” Ning Hemian showed some displeasure but said nothing further. Li Yuanqin picked up his bow and strode quickly out of the courtyard. A bright smile appeared on his face as he pushed open the gate, revealing two young men standing outside. Both of them were at the Qi Cultivation Realm.
The leader of the two exuded a refined aura, with striking features and a sword in his arms. He smiled softly at Li Yuanqin and said, “Brother Yuanqin.”
“Brother Fuxuan,” replied Li Yuanqin.
The three exchanged warm greetings and strolled into the street together. Li Yuanqin seemed entirely unaffected by his father’s injuries, exuding a carefree demeanor. The two Chi brothers exchanged glances before the leading youth asked, “We heard the General has returned to the city. How is he?”
“Him?” Li Yuanqin played with his longbow, speaking casually, “He went straight to see the Daoist Master as soon as he arrived. How would I know what he’s planning? The only thing I hope for is to inherit his archery skills but he still refuses to teach me!”
The two Chi brothers burst into laughter, while Li Yuanqin swaggered down the street with his hands behind his back. He was looking bold and unrestrained. Raising an eyebrow, he declared, “Let’s go drink!”
The Chi brothers exchanged a glance, then stepped forward. They linked arms with him and wild amusement was glinting in their eyes.
The Chi brothers trailed behind him, one of them smirking as he transmitted a message via spiritual sense, Li Xuanfeng has been away for ten years, leaving this boy completely unchecked. He has already become a spoiled wastrel under our control. The family’s arrangement is truly brilliant! As long as we hold this kid in our hands and once Yuan Su dies, Li Xuanfeng will be forced to obey our family to protect his family.
The other brother stroked his beard contentedly and responded through spiritual sense, Moreover, Li Yuanqin’s seniority within the Li Family is exceptionally high. In another fifty or sixty years, he will be one of the highest-ranked individuals in the Li Family. If we send him back to Qingdu, their family will lose nearly half of its autonomy.
As the two reveled in their scheme, they glanced ahead at Li Yuanqin. He was also smiling. Inheriting his father’s naturally fierce features, his grin carried an inexplicable, chilling coldness.
Li Xuanfeng rode the wind into the cave dwelling and found it shrouded in thick white mist. The great doors were already open, as if awaiting his arrival.
Stepping inside, he saw Daoist Master Yuan Su seated at the highest position as always. However, his face was now veiled in mist which obscured his features entirely.
Opposite him sat a young man in a flowing blue-and-white robe. His features were strikingly handsome and his brows were delicately arched, carrying a hint of femininity. He held a jade cup while sipping leisurely. He smiled as he looked down at Li Xuanfeng.
“Xuanfeng greets the two Daoist Masters.”
Judging by the young man’s demeanor, he was most likely also a Daoist Master. Li Xuanfeng bowed low, like a golden mountain toppling, before seeing the handsome youth nod in acknowledgement while Yuan Su simply waved his hand and said, “Li Xuanfeng.”
After speaking, he turned his gaze to Li Xuanfeng and said with a gesture, “This is Daoist Master Pu Yu, Sect Master of the Quhai Sect in Penglai.”
Li Xuanfeng bowed again, but before he could speak, Daoist Master Pu Yu gently said, “No need for such formalities. My sect’s founding ancestor was a cultivator from the Wei State. We share some distant fate.”
As he spoke, his striking eyes suddenly gleamed with a deep, ethereal blue light. He focused intently on Li Xuanfeng and let out a soft sound of intrigue.
Yuan Su, appearing unsurprised, merely poured himself a drink and sipped. Pu Yu then spoke softly, “Your blood qi is exceptional, your strength innate… truly, a fine body.”
He made this remark without the slightest attempt to conceal his meaning. Chuckling twice, he then asked, “Senior Yuan Su, do you intend to inhabit this body?”
Li Xuanfeng’s expression remained unchanged as he silently listened. Yuan Su let out a muffled chuckle, the mist over his face rippling slightly, before he lazily replied, “Forget it. I’m not accustomed to using another’s body, nor am I willing to practice such arts. If I had truly cared for such things, I would have reached the peak of the Purple Mansion Realm long ago. Why struggle to prolong life today?”
Pu Yu chuckled softly and replied, “The mainland is rigid and dull and you, Yuan Su, are the most rigid of them all.”
Yuan Su laughed heartily and responded, “If I were to practice the Profound Method of Continuation, Chi Wei would probably laugh himself back to life and the Creeping Fig Immortal Sword might just split the great void to chop my head off.”
Daoist Master Pu Yu fell silent for a moment, then murmured, “Li Jiangqun…”
Yuan Su waved his hand dismissively and simply asked, “What’s the situation in the Northern Sea?”
Daoist Master Pu Yu replied, “Qing Jifang and the others detected signs of spiritual energy fluctuations in the Northern Sea. When they reached the farthest north, a torrential jade rain suddenly began to fall, scaring them into fleeing immediately.”
“So it’s in the Northern Sea.” Yuan Su showed no surprise as he responded, “The conflicts between the Yue Cultivating Sect factions are nothing but a facade. Their true preparations have long been in the Northern Sea. I suspect Qing Jifang was acting under the orders of the one from Mount Changhuai, deliberately seeking out that location.”
“Exactly.” Daoist Master Pu Yu nodded and said gently, “Since it has already been discovered, there’s no need to keep it hidden. In a few days, the Yue Cultivating Sect will likely send out invitations for an observation ceremony.”