Since Zhang Huaide was from the Zhang Family and seemed to have significant background resources, the Li Family had long suspected him to be a disciple of the immortal sect who had veered toward the devil dao. Now, with Zhang Yun personally protecting him, those suspicions were confirmed.
"Yes, it seems that the Golden Feather Sect was not only involved in the devil plague, their Purple Mansion Realm cultivator also closely monitored the incident, and even sent their own direct disciples to manipulate the devil plague in their territory," Li Qinghong remarked.
"That's to be expected. After so many years in the Golden Feather Realm, the treasures accumulated by the clans are certainly tempting. Moreover, the prominent clans have already monopolized the Golden Feather's cultivation and secret techniques, and they've long been eager to eliminate any competition," Li Xuanxuan replied with a small sigh.
"Aside from Golden Feather and Azure Pond, several of the other seven gates, such as Changxiao and Purple Smoke, have pushed disciples who have little hope of making further progress to pursue the devil dao. While they may not dominate the situation, they can certainly still benefit from the scraps," he added.
Li Qinghong then continued, "Since Zhang Yun's departure, those devil cultivators have grown increasingly bold, capturing cultivators throughout the barren mountains. It's not just our family; I heard that the Shen Family, an immortal clan in the Yue Cultivating Sect bordering the northern barren mountains, had also sent people here… They must have been forced back by Zhang Yun."
Li Xuanxuan shook his head as he gave a word of caution.
"Don't worry about them… just avoid provoking them."
Li Qinghong nodded in agreement before taking out a jade box, smiling as she presented it.
"Look at this!"
Li Yuanjiao took the box and scanned its contents with his spiritual sense. It was a red fruit wrapped in dark gray leaves, beating like a heart.
His expression shifted to one of delight as he remarked, "This is Blood Sun Fruit... Luken is truly efficient! Xizhi happens to be in Libu Prefecture right now; let him take this to the Foundation Establishment Realm alchemist."
Li Yuanjiao stored away the treasure carefully. With that, the matter was finally settled. Li Xijun still seemed concerned about the wound on his wrist and reminded Li Yuanjiao to rest. Upon hearing that, Li Qinghong also urged him to return to his cave dwelling for proper rest.
Li Yuanjiao acknowledged their advice but headed to Li Yuanping's courtyard instead. He intended to take medicine and delay his seclusion for another year or two so that he could keep Li Yuanping company.
However, when Li Yuanping heard that he was injured, he closed his door and refused to meet Li Yuanjiao.
Unable to overcome the insistence of his siblings, Li Yuanjiao reluctantly retreated into seclusion to heal his wounds.
As Li Xijun flew toward the mountain's peak, he spotted a girl of about eight or nine standing on a rock. Dressed in white, she squinted against the sun, a smile illuminating her face as she called out, "Brother!"
"Xiang'er!" Li Xijun replied with a warm grin.
Li Yuexiang resembled her mother, Xiao Guiluan, with her fine eyebrows and phoenix eyes. Even at a tender age, she exuded grace. Though still a child, she carried herself with the maturity expected of a teen.
She twiddled her thumbs nervously and said, "Father only came to see me once, then went into seclusion again…"
As the only girl in the Xi and Yue generation, Li Yuexiang was cherished by her elder brothers. However, her mother, Xiao Guiluan, had raised her with discipline, instilling a sense of humility in her. The frequent and prolonged absences of her father only heightened her unease.
Li Xijun sighed, fully understanding the situation. Many privileged children were born into clans where their parents were already Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators. To these parents, what seemed like a brief period of seclusion often resulted in them emerging to find their children had already become teenagers. After yet another period of seclusion to polish their cultivation, they would realize their kids had grown into adults in the blink of an eye.
"In truth, Brother Xizhi and Uncle Jiao also don't see each other often. Both of you are raised by your mother… Your father has a lot of responsibilities to the family. You must be understanding…" Li Xijun assured as he gently consoled the girl who looked like she was about to cry.
At this point, Li Yuexiang had already begun her training as an Embryonic Breathing Realm cultivator. Taking her hand, Li Xijun distracted her, smiling as he said, "I brought you a little nephew. How do you think your mother will feel about him?"
Li Yuexiang pouted, saying glumly, "He's just another one who can't see his father…"
Li Xijun could only respond with an awkward smile as he led her up the mountain.
At Lake Xian's estuary…
Clad in a golden robe, Situ Mo rode the wind on golden light with a grim expression. He flew along the riverbank, hands clasped behind his back while remaining silent.
The demonic creatures lurking in the river below saw the brilliance above and fell still, too intimidated to even move. Situ Mo's expression darkened even more as thoughts raced through his mind.
What a missed opportunity! The Li Family will be on high alert now, making it even harder to deal with them. Catching them off guard like this is a rarity... Who knows when the next chance will arise?
While he was lost in his thoughts, a yellow light erupted from Lake Xian, revealing a muscular monk with a clean-shaven head and a flushed body. His fierce gaze bore down on Situ Mo as he exclaimed, "Situ Mo! What have you done? This is a disaster! It's absurd!"
Situ Mo's expression darkened, and he retorted through clenched teeth, "Better than you, old man! You're too scared to even show your face! That pathetic Wrathful Dao lineage you cultivate should be called the Cowardly Dao lineage instead!"
"Watch your mouth! The Wrathful Dao lineage isn't some cowardly Dao lineage! I've been deducing for three years… The Li Family has too many ways and secret tricks up their sleeves! Although they don't dare to kill you, they could strike me down with some talisman or sword!"
Situ Mo sneered, but he did not deny it. He had indeed hidden a lot of trump cards up his sleeve too. He simply laughed and mocked, "You can only blame your Wrath Dao lineage for being torn apart. How many even remember Maha's death and are actually seeking revenge? If they cared, a little Master Monk wouldn't even be here in the first place."
"What do you know?! Nothing is more important than preserving the Dao lineage! When someone ascends to the position of Maha again, it will be easy to capture the Li Family!"
Situ Mo paused, realizing that the monk had made a valid point. He cast a wary glance at him and then shouted, "If that's the case, why are you messing around in the south?!"
The big monk chuckled with a fierce glint in his eyes.
"Since the Li Family killed the Maha, perhaps the key to ascending to that position again lies within them… What's wrong with giving it a try?" he asked.
The expression on his face suddenly darkened again, returning to its wrathful form as he reprimanded, "Do not question me! Besides, I explicitly told you to kill only Li Xijun, bring his body back, and leave that monk alone! Why did you set up an ambush and ruin the entire plan?!"
A sinister expression crossed Situ Mo's features as he replied, "What use is Li Xijun? If we're going to kill, we should take out Li Yuanjiao and Li Qinghong instead!"
"You're making a mistake! What do you know? Clans fear nothing more than a lack of successors. Killing Li Xijun, even if he's injured, would cause more anguish than seriously wounding Li Yuanjiao! If we crippled Li Xijun, the Li Family will resent us for fifty or sixty years and could even risk their downfall!" the monk yelled out furiously.
Situ Mo fell silent but was sneering inwardly.
You think I don't know that? Monks like you are good at deducing. If I were to simply kill him, the cause and effect would be settled instantly. Would you still stay around and help me if you deduced that this wouldn't help your breakthrough to Maha? You'd just wash your hands of this and walk away… Where else would I find a capable ally who isn't afraid of the Li Family?
If I'm going to kill someone, I need to aim high!
The monk continued berating him but failed to vent all his frustration. In the end, he only asked, "How long will it take you to return this time?"
"Probably ten years…" Situ Mo replied, giving him a troubled look, "The Profound Peak Gate has sent a Foundation Establishment Realm cultivator to oversee things overseas. She is rather formidable… I think her name is Kong Tingyun. I have no choice but to deal with this situation."
He widened his eyes and continued coldly, "It would be best to find a chance to eliminate her, so we won't waste time… I have to stir the pot too. We can't let Profound Peak and Golden Tang be on friendly terms again..."