Li Xijun had already grasped his character. Staring straight into his eyes, he said solemnly, "Master Monk cultivates the true art of Buddhism… I only ask Master Monk one question—are you going to Heavenly Thunder Peak?"
Kongheng was stunned for two breaths before finally nodding with a bitter smile. Li Xijun continued calmly, "My elder is breaking through to the Foundation Establishment Realm there, as suggested by Master Monk… If you can't state your reason for going there now, I'm afraid I can't let you go."
Kongheng sighed softly and had no choice but to say, "I practice an ancient technique and the opportunity for a breakthrough is there. Since you trust me, I hope you can help me and let me go, fellow Daoist. I will only build a hut at the foot of Heavenly Thunder Peak to cultivate."
Li Xijun looked into Kongheng's sincere eyes and gritted his teeth in frustration. He was in a true dilemma.
"It's not that I don't want to help Master Monk, but it's difficult to tell if you speak the truth or lie. Xijun can't afford to gamble."
After saying that, he pressed his hand on his sword and asked again, "Must you go, Master Monk?"
Kongheng stared at him with his narrow eyes and nodded.
"Yes."
As soon as he finished speaking, the Green Ox River Embrace Formation on Mount Qingdu suddenly activated, and nine green lights rose up and intertwined with each other instantly. Li Xijun then drew his sword and pointed it directly at Kongheng.
"Master Monk, I suggest you perish the thought!" he declared softly.
Kongheng's body also radiated golden light, and the rings on his staff jingled as he blocked Li Xijun's sword light with a solemn face.
"If I dare speak a word of deceit, my cultivation shall be destroyed!" he swore.
Li Xijun swung his sword, unleashing several white sword qi. However, every single one was blocked by Kongheng's monk staff with great ease. A huge patterned green ox appeared behind Kongheng. It raised its two front hooves and was about to stomp on his back.
Within the formation, Kongheng could not even leave by riding the wind; he could only pull out his staff and turn to block the attacks. The impact from the ox's kick pushed him back several steps, causing him to lose momentum and forcing him into a passive stance.
Li Xijun had completed performing his hand seal. A cold light emitted from his hand as several white threads flowed out of it, wrapping around Kongheng.
"Does Master Monk have other intentions? My family does not want to provoke anyone from the Buddhist Sect either… If you can tell me, I will spare your life and even let you go north!"
As Li Xijun said this, a bright white light shone in his eyes. He looked carefully at Kongheng's face to detect changes in his expression, only to see his face paling from the cold.
Seeing that the green bull was about to hit him, the monk gritted his teeth and still insisted firmly, "Kongheng is sincere and never lies!"
BAM!
As soon as he finished speaking, the spell, green ox, and sword qi in front of him all dissipated in the blink of an eye. Kongheng staggered, and Li Xijun quickly helped him up, whispering, "Xijun dares not believe your word easily, I hope Master Monk can understand... My family has suffered greatly due to the Wrathful Maha and we truly can't weather through another storm like that…"
Kongheng could not react for a moment and just stared at him blankly. Li Xijun then added, "Please wait outside the formation, Master Monk… I'll get Senior Wushao to escort you!"
Kongheng was overjoyed, his expression faltering due to the sudden change of events.
"Thank you for your help, fellow Daoist! Thank you!" he said repeatedly.
Regaining a lost opportunity and hope for a breakthrough after a near-death situation shattered the tranquility of the monk's heart. He could not restrain himself and said seriously, "If your esteemed family has any requests in the future, Kongheng will make sure to assist personally! If Brother Xijun has a request, Kongheng will not refuse even if he has to risk his life!"
Kongheng was very sincere, knowing he truly owed Li Xijun a favor this time. After reassuring Li Xijun again, he happily rode the wind out.
When he disappeared into the distance, a young man in black slowly emerged from the shadows. Li Xijun said softly, "Senior, please go and keep an eye on him. The Yuan Family is also watching him. If there is any unusual activity, let them know first."
"Understood."
Li Wushao looked at him with lingering fear in his eyes but still also rode out on the wind, leaving Li Xijun alone. His face changed several times as he glumly threw the sword in his hand onto a branch.
The sword lodged in the pine wood, still shaking and buzzing from the impact. Li Xijun rubbed his temples and murmured, "If anything happens... I will never be able to redeem myself!"
Li Xijun had always been very accurate in judging people. Among the Li Family, he was the one who trusted Kongheng the most and held the best impression of him. He had gone to great lengths to test Kongheng only for the sake of reassuring himself.
The monk was very sincere, and his eyes were full of gratitude before he left. In order to do him a favor, Li Xijun let him go easily.
"If Kongheng really keeps his word, I can trust him a little more in the future..." he murmured to himself.
Despite saying that, Li Xijun felt all the pressure on him now that Kongheng was gone. Although he was confident, sweat broke out on his cheeks because the stakes were far too high.
He called over a person and asked tiredly, "Has the ancestor emerged from his seclusion yet?"
Li Yuanjiao had secluded himself this time to heal himself instead of cultivating as usual. If this was not the case, Li Xijun would have called him out when Kong Tingyun arrived, instead of not daring to disturb him and feeling as uneasy as he did now.
Seeing his confidant shake his head, Li Xijun let out a long sigh and said to himself, "I-If... anything happens to Aunt Qinghong, I'll never be able to atone for this sin even if I kill myself…"
He did not dare to think about it and sat on the stone bench in the forest in a daze. After several breaths, he saw Li Ximing fly toward him in a hurry and exclaimed urgently, "What's going on? Why did you open the formation?"
Li Xijun opened his mouth but could not find his voice. Li Ximing was even more indecisive than he was. If he told him about this, it would only cause one more person to worry and make things worse.
He only sighed and assured, "Everything is under control… Just focus on your cultivation and leave the rest to me."
It was snowing in Yi Mountain City for once. Everything was covered in snow and Li Xuanfeng stood quietly on the city wall, dressed in golden armor with a longbow in hand.
He had finally mastered Spirit Eye Perception after practicing it for decades. The mana light in his eyes flowed strongly as he swept through the snow. By just standing quietly on the city wall, his presence alone could intimidate the demon creatures outside, causing them to retreat in fear.
Li Xuanfeng might not be that well-known in Yue State, but he was renowned in the southern border. Every time the bowstring of his golden bow sounded, the arrow he let loose would either kill or seriously injure his opponent. The number of demon generals he had already killed had reached double digits.
Li Xuanfeng looked on absent-mindedly, unmoving. The years had not left many traces on his face, but they had ravaged his mind and thoughts. He could no longer display the wild attitude he once had.
After a moment, a clear light came from the north and fell beside him—it was a woman wearing a black-patterned flowing dress. Her slender waist was tied with a white sash made of gauze.
She had a somewhat melancholic look in her eyes as she whispered to him softly.
"My dear..."