The Monster Lurking at the Cape
* * *
Zaan…… Zazaan.
The sound of waves can be heard from the cliff a few meters below.
My hair flutters in the sea breeze blowing from the ocean.
The weather is clear.
It’s really good weather.
Beyond the horizon, there are cumulonimbus clouds under the blue sky.
It’s a picturesque summer scene.
However, there are no sounds of seabirds or insects around.
Why?
……They sensed it and fled.
The presence of the huge magical beast…… squirming in the sea right there!
<……It’s coming!>
It happened right after Extra-sama issued a warning.
Suddenly, a black shadow rose from the bottom of the sea to near the surface, and just as it seemed to shimmer its figure.
Zapaaaaaahn!!
With a tremendous sound of waves, a water column erupted from the sea surface!
“Pyurururuuuu!”
And from within it, a giant monster appeared while letting out a strange, high-pitched cry!
It was a monster with a long body and beautiful scales.
The color of its scales, glittering in the summer sunlight, was a deep blue.
But the black color mixed in here and there creates an irregular stripe pattern.
<T-This is…… the Great Sea Serpent!!>
Extra-sama, who saw through the monster’s identity at a glance, reveals its name in surprise!
Great Sea Serpent!?
It has scales and a long body.
Indeed, this is certainly a serpent.
But its size is abnormal.
When I was young, I fought a giant white snake and ate it, but this one’s body length far exceeds that.
It’s extremely huge and long!
<I saw it in the isekai reincarnation broadcasts of the Holy God, Fishing God, and Sea God! Originally, it should inhabit farther offshore, a powerful magical beast, but…… why is it in a place like this!?>
“Pyurururu……”
The Great Sea Serpent raises its sickle-shaped head and keeps its head above the sea, swaying back and forth, staring intently at me.
It doesn’t seem to be immediately pouncing on me.
Am I being…… observed?
While pretending to be naturally relaxed, I prepared for the Great Sea Serpent’s attack.
The opponent is a creature of the sea.
If it escapes into the water, we will be at an overwhelming disadvantage.
Therefore, I wait for it to make a move.
I’ll kill it with a counter.
“Pyuru!”
The silent staring contest continues for several minutes.
Finally, perhaps tired of the standstill, the Great Sea Serpent slowly opened its large mouth and stretched its neck towards me.
Yes, slowly.
……Is it looking down on me?
Certainly, from the perspective of this giant creature, I, who am suppressing and hiding my power, may only appear as a small insect.
However, this is unacceptable.
I can’t even sense hostility.
<The composure of the strong, perhaps?>
Ha.
Arrogance, huh.
……Alright.
Die.
I am currently standing at the tip of the cape.
The head of the Great Sea Serpent, which has foolishly opened its mouth wide, is still above the sea.
That distance is about 2 meters.
For an ordinary human, it’s a distance where nothing can be done without a foothold.
However, for me.
……It’s within striking range!
“Raaaaaaah!!”
The next moment!
I instantly unraveled the 【Black Tentacles】 wrapped around my body and formed a giant 【Black Arm】!
And with that…… I punched the Great Sea Serpent’s face with all my might!
“Pyuruuuuu!?”
Due to the tremendous impact, the Great Sea Serpent was blown away with its entire body and fell onto the sea surface!
Bashaaaahn!!
A huge splash of water rises!
“Tch.”
But I unintentionally clicked my tongue.
This last blow, I didn’t feel like it did much damage.
<It’s what’s called 【Water Armor】 in human magic! By wrapping its body surface with a thin water barrier, it’s dispersing the impact!>
“Pyururururu!!”
Extra-sama’s guess seems to be correct, and the Great Sea Serpent is still full of energy.
A scream of astonishment?
Or a voice of protest?
I don’t understand the meaning, but anyway, while letting out a high-pitched cry, it raises its sickle-shaped head above the sea again.
“…………”
I quietly lower my hips and take a fighting stance.
It won’t go like this next time.
I’ll kill it in one hit.
Kill, kill, kill.
I release my fierce fighting spirit that I usually keep locked away in the depths of my heart.
My head is filled with murderous intent!
Enormous magical power courses through my entire body, and some of it is released outside my body as a pitch-black haze……!
“Pyuru……!”
Seeing my appearance, the Great Sea Serpent let out a small cry and shuddered.
And it started swaying its huge body again……!
Zapan, Zapaan!
Every time the Great Sea Serpent sways, waves are generated and crash against the cliff of the cape, making a loud sound.
<What…… is it trying to do……!?>
Extra-sama and I become more vigilant of the Great Sea Serpent’s unpredictable actions.
But, however.
Just as the Great Sea Serpent’s movements stopped abruptly!
<<<Ah…… ah……!>>>
Suddenly, a voice echoed in my mind!
It’s not Extra-sama’s voice.
This is 【Telepathy】!
In this place right now, the only one who could be trying to convey words to me.
It can only be the Great Sea Serpent in front of me, facing off against me.
Without letting my guard down, I glared into the Great Sea Serpent’s eyes.
The Great Sea Serpent is also staring intently at me.
Its eyes are glittering, perhaps because they are wet with seawater and bathed in sunlight.
<<<Ah…… um……!>>>
And, the Great Sea Serpent.
While continuing to stare at me with sparkling eyes.
…… said this.
<<<T-That punch just now, it was electrifying! Ah, Anego! Please…… make me your underling!!>>>
<“…………Huh?”>
…… I think it can’t be helped that Extra-sama and I unintentionally let out a dumbfounded voice.
TL Note: It’s calling Emi 姉御 (Anego) which is an archaic japanese honorific for “elder sister”. I can’t think of a good way to translate this one so I am going to stick to my policy of preserving Japanese honorifics wherever it makes sense.