【Tales of the Gods 24】Sikuretabaaku, the Detective God
* * *
Ring… Ring…
“…Haa…”
In his divine realm, modeled after an office… Sikuretabaaku, the Detective God, resting his chin on his dark brown desk, put down the receiver of the phone-shaped divine tool, which wouldn’t connect, and sighed.
“Hmmm…”
And then, with a tired look on his face, he leaned back in his soft office chair, stretched, and then… took a sip from his coffee cup.
It’s not just an ordinary coffee cup.
It’s a mysterious coffee cup, from which hot coffee endlessly flows.
The problem is that the flavor changes every day, and he can’t choose the flavor, but for Sikuretabaaku, a coffee lover, it’s a daily necessity that adds a little joy to his endless days.
Today’s coffee seems to be a light roast.
Sikuretabaaku prefers a more bitter flavor, but the refreshing acidity is quite exquisite.
It’s wonderful in its own way…
‘NOOOO! You’re kidding, right? DETECTIVE GOOOOOD!!!’
And then.
From a divine tool, modeled after an antique gramophone, produced in the earliest days of the Super-Ancient Magic Civilization, placed in the corner of the room, a man’s voice, full of static, echoed.
It’s the cry of the man who, “until just now,” was his apostle, delivered from the lower world.
The man, after ranting about various things—
‘Give it back! My power… my ‘place to belong’! GIVE IT BAAAAACK!!!’
—Pleaded.
“…Haa…”
Sikuretabaaku sighed again, stood up silently, and turned off the gramophone-shaped divine tool.
The unpleasant noise disappeared, and silence returned to his divine realm.
“If he calmed down and thought about it… he would realize that it’s only natural for an apostle who disobeys God’s will to have their power revoked…”
Sikuretabaaku, sitting back down in his office chair, crossing his legs, muttered that, took out a notebook from his breast pocket, and opened it.
This notebook is also not an ordinary notebook.
Although there was nothing written on the page he casually opened… words immediately started to appear.
They are comments from the viewers of his 【Beautiful Girl Detective Akashiterika!】 broadcast.
‘How did she even defeat that ancient weapon?’
‘So that’s how he used the protagonist’s imperial lineage setting.’
‘I don’t like the shape of the magic drones. Triangular pyramids are the best.’
The viewers freely leave their thoughts and comments on Sikuretabaaku’s work.
Among them—
‘Is Sunglasses-chan okay?’
‘I’m really worried about Sunglasses-chan.’
‘But it’s Sunglasses-chan. I’m sure she’ll be back by the end of the day, after eating enough food for twenty people at a food stall.’
—Are many comments concerned about the character “Sunglasses-chan”.
This “Sunglasses-chan” is the nickname of Emi, who recently became the protagonist Akashiterika’s partner.
Her beautiful appearance, visible even with her face hidden.
Her abnormally high combat ability.
Her cool and mysterious, but sometimes goofy personality.
Those elements combined, and Emi became quite popular with the viewers.
…Sikuretabaaku was also troubled at first.
Whether it was okay to openly feature a person with black hair and black eyes, who are designated as deletion targets by the world’s rules, in his broadcast.
But surprisingly, the Censorship God didn’t complain at all, as long as her hair and eye color were completely hidden by a hat and sunglasses.
Is it bureaucratic work? Or perhaps a loophole in the system, considering that the Censorship God was originally a magic doll…?
Anyway, he got permission.
So he left it as it was, and before he knew it, Emi had become quite a popular character.
And yet, that Emi—
That man, blinded by jealousy and losing control, used a Transfer Orb without permission, and imprisoned her in the Great Prison of Delenezo.
“That’s… unforgivable…”
A hint of irritation mixed into Sikuretabaaku’s muttered words, unusual for him, who always tries to be a calm gentleman.
Yes, that’s unforgivable.
An apostle defying God’s judgment and acting on their own.
Moreover, that man was also disliked by the protagonist.
Now, it’s impossible to use him as a comedic character as before.
The moment Akashiterika coldly rejected that man.
Sikuretabaaku revoked all of his powers as an apostle… which he had kept just in case.
“That’s… unforgivable…”
And those repeated words.
Spoken with his eyebrows furrowed, his eyes closed, his hand on his forehead… this time, they contained anxiety.
The Great Prison of Delenezo is a facility created by the gods to imprison heinous criminals who threaten the world.
He sent an “innocent” person to such a place.
A man who was an apostle of him, the Detective God!
“That… That’s clearly not justice! I’m the Detective God! A benevolent god who values justice!”
Sikuretabaaku lamented!
“I love to beat criminals to a pulp with words, using justice as my shield! If this continues… with this stain on my record, I won’t be able to chase down criminals with a clear conscience!!”
And a bit of his true nature, ‘Is that really okay?’, hidden beneath his gentleman’s mask, leaked out!
“Anyway, I have to contact the Prison God!”
Sikuretabaaku, regaining his composure, entered a number on his divine phone, and tried to contact the Prison God, Proruzyan, who is in charge of the Great Prison of Delenezo.
He has to rescue Emi, the victim who was wrongly imprisoned, and get her out of prison!
For him to remain a god of justice!
Ring… Ring…
Ring… Ring…
Ring… Ring…
Ring… Ring…
Ring… Ring…
Ring… Ring…
Ring… Ring…
Ring… Ring…
Ring… Ring…
Ring… Ring…
………………
Sikuretabaaku waited.
He waited for a while.
But all he heard from the divine phone was the ringing sound.
The Prison God, Proruzyan, wouldn’t answer.
Even after waiting for a while and calling again, he still wouldn’t answer.
“…Strange.”
Sikuretabaaku, putting down the receiver, put his hand on his chin, and tilted his head.
Actually, he’s been trying to contact the Prison God ever since he learned about Emi being imprisoned in the Great Prison of Delenezo.
And yet, that god doesn’t react at all.
Even if he tries to contact the Prison God directly.
Even if he tries to contact the Prison God’s divine realm.
Even if he tries to contact the avatar the Prison God placed in the Great Prison of Delenezo.
He can’t connect at all.
The Prison God should have many followers… but none of them are answering the phone on his behalf.
Frankly, this is an abnormal situation.
“What’s happening to the Prison God… to the Great Prison of Delenezo…? Th-This… This is…!”
Here, Sikuretabaaku stood up abruptly, almost knocking over his office chair, and shouted!
“Uuuuuuuuuunn! MYYYYSTERYYYYYY!!”
【Loophole in the system】
Previously, the Death God was trying to feature Master, who originally had black hair and black eyes, as a character in his story.
That’s because he already had white hair, and it’s similar to the judgment that ‘It’s okay for Emi to appear in the broadcast as long as she hides her black hair and black eyes’.
Master wasn’t hiding his black eyes… but perhaps both black hair and black eyes can’t appear together.
Now, this concludes Arc 24.
I’ll add a side story in the , before starting Arc 25.