The Reincarnated Extra
* * *
“Miss Aihara… I am what you call ‘The Vessel of a Nameless God.'”
“The Vessel” clasped my soul with both hands, beginning to speak earnestly. Well, she did mention something to that effect earlier, didn’t she?
“Normally, when gods are created by the Creator God, or when beings ascend to divinity despite their created nature… they are bestowed with a name and divine powers. I, however, have none of that. I am merely ‘The Vessel,’ not a god in my own right.”
Huh? What does that mean?
“To understand that, we must first discuss the origins of this world, Ardyst… When the Creator God fashioned this world, numerous gods were also brought into existence. Gods of harvest, war, justice, and even malevolence… all to nurture Ardyst into a richer, better realm…”
Wow, that’s quite the creation myth out of nowhere.
Behind “The Vessel,” an image formed against the pitch-black void, showing dust coalescing to form the world and gods being born.
“…Right at the bottom, it says ‘※Imagery for illustration purposes,’ which kind of kills the mood.”
But I wonder, am I really up for such complex tales?
“So, to put it simply, even the Creator God found managing the world alone too bothersome. Hence, a host of underlings were created, and the work was delegated to them.”
Amazing how a change in wording can turn a story so colloquial!
“The creation of Ardyst, including its gods, proceeded without a hitch… But just as the world was about to be completed, an unforeseen issue arose.”
And what might that be?
“The materials for creating the world… well, there was a bit left over!”
Being told it’s like having a spare screw after assembling a bookshelf doesn’t really help!
“Perhaps that’s how the Creator God felt. And so, those leftover materials were used to somewhat whimsically create me, an ‘extra’ ‘Vessel of a God.'”
That backstory feels sadly neglected…
“Should a new god have been needed, I was to be given a name and powers… But then, contrary to the Creator’s expectations, beings began ascending to godhood on their own… And I became the child that was no longer needed.”
“The Vessel” paused, sighing while pressing her forehead.
“Moreover, being just a ‘Vessel,’ I somehow ended up with a consciousness. Since then, it’s been an endless cycle of boredom. As ‘The Vessel,’ I have no lifespan, but since I’m not a god, I have no duties either. Being a ‘Vessel’ means I can’t descend from the divine realm to the mortal world, nor can I intervene through oracles or the like since I’m not a god… Well, I’ll spare you the detailed rules, but watching the broadcasts of gods, such as those of isekais, became my sole entertainment.”
I see… So she’s been stuck in an endlessly dull existence.
“And as I watched these broadcasts, I thought… I, too, wish to experience reincarnation into another world!”
The arms holding me tightened with determination.
Gradually, I began to grasp her situation.
This entity, unimaginably bored to the point of sadness for a human, found her only joy in isekai streams.
“…And then, Miss Aihara! I encountered your soul! It must be fate! Miss Aihara! Let’s reincarnate into Ardyst together!”
…Wait, what?
Together, you say?
Not you reincarnating me, but…
You’re reincarnating as well!?
“I am not a ‘god,’ so I don’t have the authority to reincarnate you! However, by attaching myself to you, it’s possible to ride the cycle of reincarnation into Ardyst! A great evil spirit had done this before, causing quite an uproar in the divine realm, so there’s no doubt it will work!”
Using a method that caused a major uproar doesn’t sound like a good idea at all!
“It’s not a problem! I’m not a great evil spirit, so there should be no issues! Please, Miss Aihara, reincarnate with me! We will share one body, but I claim no ownership over it! I’ll just coexist in your mind, sharing your senses. Although I’m not a god and can’t bestow blessings… I can offer plenty of advice! Ardyst is, after all, a world of swords and magic! There will likely be many things where your common sense from your previous life won’t apply! My advice, as an aficionado of isekai broadcasts, will surely be of help in your life! So, please, I beg of youuuuuuuu!”
“The Vessel” was desperate, almost sobbing while clinging to my soul.
…
“Please,” huh?
Looking back at my previous life, was I ever truly needed by someone?
I was always a nuisance wherever I went.
No matter how hard I tried, everything I did was rejected, and I was continually disliked.
It felt almost like a curse.
This being… “The Vessel”…
The one who rescued my soul, despised even by the gods…
Needed me.
She needed me, of all people.
Just knowing that made me incredibly happy.
…
There’s no reason to refuse.
“…Really?!”
“The Vessel,” sensing my thoughts, quivered in response.
Yes, really.
It’s my way of saying thank you for saving my soul.
Let’s reincarnate into another world together.
“Uwaaa… uwaaaaaaaahhhhh! Thank you sooo muchhhhh! Let’s live a fun and easy life togetherrrrr!”
Finally bursting into tears, “The Vessel” hugged me, spinning around and around. Her immense joy flowed into my soul, filling me with warmth and a bit of embarrassment.
“Then, let’s not delay! Gate, open!”
With a snap of her fingers, a warm pink vortex appeared before me.
“This vortex leads to the flow of reincarnation in Ardyst! Jumping in, you and I will inhabit the body of a newborn, starting a new life!”
Before I knew it, “The Vessel,” who had been hugging me, ceased to maintain her humanoid shape and transformed into a sphere enveloping my soul.
A new life, huh?
I’m starting to feel excited and nervous!
“Before we go, a few precautions! I cannot alter your soul in any way! Thus, you will reincarnate with your previous life’s memories and ego intact! Also, we can’t choose the body we reincarnate into! It’s all up to the flow of reincarnation! It’s a gamble! Lastly, once I descend to the lower world, I will not be able to exert any power! I can only offer advice and be a conversation partner, so please understand that!… Do you have any questions?”
Um, questions, questions…!
Ah, right.
What should I call you?
“Eh?”
Because we’ll be together for the rest of our lives, right? It would be inconvenient not to have a name to call you by. I can’t keep calling you “The Vessel” forever.
…After a moment of thought, “The Vessel” cheerfully burst out with a name.
“…Then, please call me ‘Extra.'”
Eh? Does a name like that even fit!?
“Ufufu, if you were to name me, ‘Extra’ is indeed quite fitting. I am ‘The Vessel,’ a god’s container created and then forgotten. You are the ‘Reincarnated Extra’ who will journey through reincarnation with me! Please take care of me for the long haul!”
Eeeeh?! It feels like I’m being treated as an extra too!?
…Well, alright then, Extra-sama! I might be a bother, but please take care of me too!
“Then, towards a new life!”
Towards the unknown world of Ardyst!
“Dreaming of a bright future!”
…Cutting off the bad luck of my previous life!
“Let’s, reincarnate~~~~~~~~~~!”
Me and Extra-sama jumped into the whirlpool of reincarnation.
Gently swayed by the serene peach-colored currents, we were drawn towards the body for our reincarnation.
My previous life was, frankly, not great.
But the future will surely be different.
Not just me, but me and Extra-sama.
We’ll be loved by a big family, make lots of friends.
Receive plenty of love, and give plenty of love in return.
We’ll live such a happy life!
Goodbye, previous life!
And hello, next life!!
We are now setting off towards a brilliant life!