【Adventurer Mitran】Overcome the ‘Trial of Leaping’
* * *
“W-Where is this…!?”
“‘The 19th Trial’… also known as the ‘Trial of Leaping,’ it seems.”
What awaited us after passing through ‘The 18th Trial,’ which had turned into a mere safe corridor, was a large room.
But it’s not just large!
In the center, there was a huge hole like a ravine, separating the entrance we just came in from the exit.
Even looking down into it, all I could see was darkness… It must be incredibly deep.
There’s no doubt that if you fell, it would be the end of you!
And the width of this ravine is also quite wide.
No matter how hard I try, it doesn’t seem possible for me to jump across to the other side in one breath.
In that case, the only way to cross is by using the several platforms suspended in the ravine by ropes, swaying back and forth, but…
“Here, it seems the rule is to ‘leap to the glowing platforms and cross to the other shore.'”
Leseida-san read through the explanation of the trial near the entrance and provided an interpretation.
I see, glowing platforms.
Indeed, the countless platforms suspended in the air seem to have magic lamps embedded in them, each flickering on and off in a certain rhythm at their own timing.
…Yes, they’re flickering.
“Hey, Leseida-san. What if we accidentally land on a platform when it’s not glowing…?”
“It says ‘a penalty will be imposed.’ It probably won’t be anything good.”
Hmm, this is difficult!?
I unintentionally held my head.
In other words, in this trial, we have to properly memorize the timing of when the platforms glow, and while hopping rhythmically, sometimes going back and forth, we have to cross to the other side!
Moreover, we have to do that on unstable platforms…
A trial that tests ‘memory,’ ‘balance,’ and ‘jumping ability’… That is… the ‘Trial of Leaping’!!
“…Well, we can’t keep hesitating here forever.”
At this point, Leseida-san took out a notebook and started writing some notes.
“Leave this to me. From now on, I’ll note down the timing of when the platforms glow and try to find patterns as much as possible. You two rest for a while…”
But that’s when it happened.
“…………”
“Huh?”
Emi-chan, who had approached me without a sound… lifted me up with her monstrous strength, held me above her head, and…
“…Haah!!”
“Whaaaaaaaaa!?”
Emi-chan threw me to the other shore as if performing a javelin throw!!
The momentum was so tremendous that my body instantly crossed the wide ravine, ignoring all the glowing platforms, reached the other shore, and smashed into… the stone wall with full force!
“Guh!?”
I-It hurts!
The stone!
I’m quite embedded in the stone, you know!?
If it weren’t me, I’d probably be dead, you know!?
Peeling my body off the stone wall with a crunch and looking at the shore on the entrance side, my eyes met with Emi-chan’s.
Emi-chan, still expressionless, firmly clenched her small fist in front of her chest and…
“…Good.”
And said that.
“It’s not ‘good’! It hurts!”
Emi-chan completely ignored my protest that was half crying!
This time, she casually lifted up Leseida-san.
“Aah! Wait, wait! Emi-chan, wait! Leseida-san can’t handle that! If you treat Leseida-san roughly like me, you’ll injure Leseida-san!”
“…………”
This time, my desperate suggestion seemed to reach her, and Emi-chan gave off an atmosphere like ‘That makes sense.’
After thinking a little, she held Leseida-san tightly under her arm, and then just like that…
Ignoring the glowing platforms again, she started walking on the walls of the room as if they were the floor…
Huh, what’s that?
What’s going on with gravity?
Leseida-san who was being carried, and I, could only be stunned…
For a person who can walk on walls, a large hole in the floor can’t possibly be an obstacle… Without any particular mishap, Emi-chan reached the shore on the exit side while still carrying Leseida-san.
In the end, we were able to forcibly overcome this trial too by relying on Emi-chan’s power.
I’m truly grateful for the result.
I think it’s a blessing.
But, you know…
“Hey, Emi-chan… I won’t ask things like ‘How can you walk on walls?’ anymore, but…”
There’s one thing I want to ask.
“If you can walk on walls, why did you throw me…? Couldn’t you have carried me too by wall-walking…?”
You know, it hurt so much that I unintentionally said something resentful…?
“…………”
And Emi-chan’s answer to that was.
“Shut up… I’ll kill you…”
…Like that.
This girl, in my case, she forgot that she could walk on walls, didn’t she…?
No, well… the fact that she never meets my gaze, despite her expressionless face, I can kind of tell that she’s thinking something like ‘I messed up,’ but.
Isn’t your way of covering it up a bit too dangerous…?