Please, Make Me Your Disciple
* * *
“Please, make me your disciple.”
“…………”
Grandpa completely ignores my request to become his disciple, which I’ve made who knows how many times now. He turns his back to me, sitting and filing away at the horns of the Electricia, polishing them. The night is dark and quiet, with the starry sky covered by clouds, not even the moonlight reaching through. The warm light emitted by the candles and something akin to a hearth illuminates Grandpa’s outline.
Since going hunting with him, my desire to learn Grandpa’s techniques has only grown stronger. I’m certain these skills will be invaluable in making me stronger, and above all, Grandpa looked so cool fighting that deer. But Grandpa won’t even listen to my requests…
<Why won’t he acknowledge you? Is there some sort of rule or tradition in his style?>
Hmm, I wonder why…?
Well, I guess there’s no use thinking about the reason. What’s important is getting Grandpa to nod his head in agreement!
If asking him directly won’t work, then I’ll have to resort to a bit of trickery!
“…………”
I move to sit in front of Grandpa, who continues his work in silence, and respectfully sit in seiza. Then, I quietly offer him the small bag I’ve been using for a while now. The bag is swollen to the size of a softball.
“…………”
Grandpa stops his work and asks with his eyes, what is this?
“…………”
You’ll see if you open it, I reply with my eyes.
“…………”
Grandpa opens the bag and takes out its contents. And out rolls a giant isopod!
This is something I caught this morning, thinking of snacking on it!
I think it’s probably tasty, given its size!
“…………”
Ah! Wait, don’t throw it away, Grandpa! Don’t just silently toss the isopod aside!
It would definitely taste good if you grilled it!?
Maybe it tastes like shrimp or crab!?
Damn! The bribery plan failed!
<You should have cooked it before offering it…!>
Yeah, you’re right, Extra-sama…
But anyway, I’ll make my request again.
“Please, make me your disciple.”
“…………”
Grandpa remains silent, letting out a sigh.
“…………Why?”
Then, he mutters softly.
!! Could… could this be the effect of the isopod!?
Is the negotiation progressing!?
I must not miss this opportunity!!
“I want to become stronger.”
“…………”
“I don’t want to die. I want to become stronger.”
“…………You don’t necessarily need me for that.”
“I want it to be you, Grandpa.”
“Why?”
“Because you’re kind and cool.”
“…………”
“I want to learn from you.”
“…………”
And then silence.
Grandpa, illuminated by the flickering candle flame, remains motionless. He crosses his arms, closes his eyes, and looks down. The silence is unbroken, except for the occasional crack of wood from the hearth.
“…………”
Perhaps an hour had passed when Grandpa suddenly opened his eyes wide, stared intently at me, and then slowly stood up. He walked towards the wall.
<…What’s going on?>
He seems to be up to something. I concentrate, determined not to miss any of his movements. 【Magic Perception】 activated. Grandpa reaches the wall, places the soles of his feet against it, and then…
Eh?
Huh?
Grandpa starts walking up the wall vertically, as casually as if he were walking on the floor. Then he puts his feet on the ceiling and walks across it, upside down.
Eh? What? What’s happening? What am I being shown?
After making a “lap” around the room in this unprecedented manner, Grandpa returns to where I, frozen in place, stand and says just one word, “…………【Silverfish】.” Then he goes back to polishing the Electricia’s horn.
Extra-sama, that was…
<Was he… showing us a technique?>
Silverfish… 【Silverfish】, huh.
He showed us a technique.
I see.
…So this means my request to become his disciple has been accepted.
<Huh?>
But first, I must replicate this 【Silverfish】.
<Eh?>
If I can’t do at least that much, it’s not worth teaching me anything further.
<Wait, Emi?>
…Understood. I’ll show you.
<Hey, wait a sec?>
I will clear this task.
<What are you talking about?>
I’ll prove that I’m worthy of being your disciple!
<…………>
Once again, please take care of me… Master!!
<Um, are you sure we’ve been accepted as a disciple? Is that the correct understanding?>
Absolutely! Our hearts are connected, so I can tell!
<That’s why I keep telling you to have a proper conversation using words!!>