【Adventurer Mitran】Awakening, and the Approaching Ebi Eaters
* * *
Right now, Leseida-san and I are walking through a dimly lit space, searching for the path leading to the deepest part of the ruins.
Looking left and right, there are water tanks everywhere with Ebi Eaters floating in them.
The Ebi Eaters have their eyes closed and are drifting in the water tanks without moving an inch.
If they all woke up at once and attacked us… Ahh, I got goosebumps.
Let’s stop imagining scary things…
As I mentioned before, the water tanks are filled with a faintly glowing pale aqua-colored liquid.
And looking closely, these water tanks have several pipe-like objects connected to them where they meet the floor… giving a sense of technological prowess unthinkable for something built long ago.
The sight of such water tanks installed on the floor of the ruins made of old stones and illuminated by magic lamps was something Leseida-san called “mismatched,” but even to an amateur like me, it’s a mismatch.
Who in the world built these ruins…?
“But Mitran-kun… you are truly amazing.”
“Huh?”
Suddenly being spoken to, I shifted my gaze from the water tanks to Leseida-san, who had a slightly embarrassed face and a wry smile.
“That girl from earlier… Emi Rune, was it? It’s about her.”
“?”
Even if you say that, Leseida-san, I don’t understand what you’re trying to say.
I unintentionally tilted my head.
“No, I’m praising you. For being able to interact in a friendly manner even with a girl whose true nature is unknown. I wish I could be like that too, but I just can’t… She had… black hair and black eyes, after all.”
“Aah…”
Being told that, I finally understood what Leseida-san was trying to say.
In this world of Ardyst, those with black hair and black eyes are called “cursed children” and are targets of discrimination.
They are said to “bring misfortune,” and if a black-haired, black-eyed child is born, in most cases, that child is killed by their parents without anyone knowing.
I’ve heard such scary stories even in my hometown of Pe.
But for me, Emi-chan was the first black-haired, black-eyed child I’ve seen in this world.
So I had completely forgotten about such legends.
Originally, I was reincarnated from Japan where there are many black-haired, black-eyed people.
So there’s no way I’d have any discriminatory feelings.
But Leseida-san is a pure-blooded Ardyst person, born and raised only in this world.
Emi-chan with black hair and black eyes must have seemed eerie to Leseida-san after all.
So, I see.
During our earlier conversation, Leseida-san didn’t speak to Emi-chan.
Leseida-san’s gaze… was only directed at me, not trying to meet Emi-chan’s eyes.
But Leseida-san is probably regretting taking a distant attitude towards Emi-chan due to being bound by legends… superstitions.
“I’m just… an idiot who doesn’t worry about small details. I think it’s more amazing that you can reflect on your emotions with reason, Leseida-san.”
I said that from the bottom of my heart.
“…You think so?”
“Yes, I do! Come on, don’t be down! If you’re down… the Ebi Eaters will wake up and eat you, Leseida-san!”
“Hahaha, what’s that about!”
Leseida-san finally showed a smile at me who was trying to lighten the mood by bouncing around.
Geez, we’re about to explore ruins that are probably full of danger from now on!
Don’t worsen your mental condition in weird ways!
Regaining our cheerfulness, we faced forward again and started walking to escape this water tank area… but that’s when it happened!
Wee-oo, wee-oo, wee-oo!!!
Suddenly, a sharp warning-like sound echoed through the ruins, and at the same time, the magic lamps illuminating the interior with a pale blue light turned bright red!
And then…!
“””Byagoooo!!!”””
Crack, crack, crack!
The Ebi Eaters, who were supposed to be quietly sleeping in the water tanks, suddenly woke up, smashed the hard glass while letting out bizarre screams, and leaped out!!
“Huh!? Huh!? What’s this, what’s this!? Did they get angry and come out because I said something weird!?”
“There’s no way that’s the case! It’s the ‘Ruins Plunderer’! He must have activated some trap in the ruins!”
“Byagoooo!!!”
Targeting us who were flustered, the Ebi Eaters attacked one after another!
They’re so belligerent despite having just woken up!
According to the guild’s information, they seem to have a nature of immediately attacking when they find humans!
“Hah! Take this!”
I immediately took a stance with my sword and slashed down the attacking Ebi Eaters one by one!
A right sweep, followed by a left sweep!
And to compensate for my lacking physique, I leaped and bisected them from the head!
I’ve never learned swordsmanship, but the cheat 【Super Combat Instinct】 granted to me and my physical abilities far surpassing ordinary people allow me to defeat the monsters one after another!
“””Byagoooo!!!”””
But they don’t falter at all, even though their comrades are being slashed!
Making splashing sounds with the faintly glowing pale aqua-colored liquid spilled on the floor, they keep approaching!
“‘Fire, become a wave and engulf the enemy! 【Fire Wave】!'”
Because there are too many of them, I start using magic to fight back.
In response to my chanting, the generated flames become a wave, swallowing the surrounding Ebi Eaters and charring them.
But even so, their numbers don’t decrease!
Just how many of them are there!?
“Kyaa!”
“Ah!? Leseida-san!?”
That’s when it happened!
Leseida-san’s scream from behind me!
Hurriedly turning around… Leseida-san had slipped on the wet floor and fallen on his butt!
“””Byagoooo!!!”””
The Ebi Eaters wouldn’t miss that opportunity!
They headed toward the fallen Leseida-san one after another.
I desperately slashed them down, but… it’s no use… there are too many!
“Byagoooo!!!”
Finally, one Ebi Eater reached Leseida-san and swung down its thick arm with all its might…!
“Aaaaah… Leseida-saaaan!!”
It would be one thing if it were me, but if Leseida-san takes that blow, it’s over…!
Leseida-san curled up tightly, taking a defensive posture as a last resort.
My sword… won’t reach.
My chanting… won’t make it in time!
“Aah, aaaaaah!”
I could only scream with tears welling up in my eyes pathetically!
Time feels like it’s flowing strangely slowly.
Finally, the sharp claws of the Ebi Eater approached Leseida-san’s body, about to tear it apart.
It’s over!
For a moment, I thought that.
But, however.
The heavens… or in this case, “she,” I guess.
She hadn’t given up on us!
“Haah!!”
“Byago…”
Suddenly, a cute voice reached my ears.
Then, the Ebi Eater attacking Leseida-san flew off like a balloon and died.
“”Huh…?””
Surprised by the sudden event, Leseida-san and I let out dumbfounded voices.
The one who was there.
The one who suddenly jumped in and saved Leseida-san was.
The black-haired, black-eyed girl we had parted ways with earlier… Emi-chan!
“””Byagoooo!!!”””
“…………”
The Ebi Eaters, still rampaging as if they had no reason at all, were charging toward us.
Emi-chan stared at them expressionlessly, just like when she was talking to us earlier, and then…
“…Raah!!”
Shouting that, she started striking the Ebi Eaters with her fists and feet at an imperceptible speed, as if dancing!
“Byago…”
When Emi-chan’s fist collided, the Ebi Eater flew off and splattered its blood all over the place!
“Byago…”
When Emi-chan’s foot swept, the Ebi Eater’s body was bisected, also splattering its blood all over the place!
Emi-chan annihilated the Ebi Eaters surrounding us in no time…!
Around us now, the red blood of the Ebi Eaters and the pale aqua-colored liquid from the water tanks were mixing together, bubbling and foaming.
A rising foul smell.
A hellish scene.
In the midst of it, Emi-chan’s entire body was stained with monster blood, yet her expression remained unchanged.
As if this slaughter was her daily routine, she was natural.
“Emi-chan, w-who in the world are you…!? What is that strength of yours…!?”
There were still other Ebi Eaters approaching us.
We’re in the middle of battle.
But I unintentionally swallowed my saliva and asked Emi-chan that.
“…I am a traveler. Emi Rune.”
Emi-chan muttered that answer.
“I… eat anything without likes or dislikes. That’s why I’m strong!!”
And then she continued her words powerfully!
“No, there’s no way you’d become that strong just because of that.”
“Now… monsters!! If you want to do it, come…!!”
Perhaps not hearing the retort that unintentionally flew out of my mouth, or ignoring it, Emi-chan glared at the additional Ebi Eaters approaching us and shouted loudly!
“…I’LL KILL YOU ALL!!!”