Interview. 09:31
* * *
“From now on, that won’t do. Killing because it’s fun, killing for yourself. Those are things allowed for amateur murderers. You are now knocking on the door of an assassin organization. From now on, you must restrain yourself and kill for the sake of the organization and for the sake of contributing to society. Of course, it won’t be all fun and games, you know? Can you handle it? You, who have lived only thinking about yourself.”
As if the previous conversation with smiles was a lie, the white-rimmed glasses man began to send【Intimidation】to the young man.
Sweat begins to ooze on the young man’s forehead!
This interview… from here on is the critical moment!
“Yes, I can do it!”
The young man psyched himself up and answered clearly with a smile, not showing the slightest hint of being daunted!
The white-rimmed glasses man glares at the young man!
“Really? I don’t think so at all. What’s with that hairstyle in the first place? It’s long and annoying. It’s not a hairstyle for a job interview at all, right? That coat too, the length is a bit too long, isn’t it? And what’s with those bandages wrapped around your arms? What kind of patterns are written on them? They’re a bit lame. Didn’t your parents teach you common sense? Ah, did you kill them before they could teach you? You’re a hopeless piece of trash~”
And he throws one accusatory word after another at the young man!
At this point, he complains about the fashion that the young man thinks is cool!
He denies his character and rapidly hurls terrifying words like blood-stained, spiked iron balls, tormenting the young man’s mind!
This is… a pressure interview!
An evil mental attack passed down from ancient times!
It is truly… an outlaw technique that has become taboo to even use in public society!
The young man unintentionally loses his words and falls silent.
Silence envelops the room again.
Sara sara sara sara snap!… Sara sara sara sara snap!
The only sound echoing in the room is the giant woman running her pencil to take notes.
For some reason, even though it’s supposed to be an interview, she’s taking notes of the words of the white-rimmed glasses man, the interviewer.
Rather, she’s eagerly taking notes of his words.
Despite it being winter, a single bead of sweat flows from the young man’s forehead.
He unintentionally… averts his gaze from the white-rimmed glasses man and hangs his head.
The floor, illuminated in a square by the sunlight shining through the chapel window, slowly flickers in tune with the movement of the clouds.
The young man’s thought-stopping stare at the floor probably only lasted for a few seconds in reality.
But to him, it felt as long as several tens of minutes or several hours.
But, however.
He can’t just keep hanging his head.
“Suu… Fuuuu…”
The young man quietly took a deep breath and exhaled.
And he closes his eyelids tightly once.
In his mind, he envisions his future self.
It is the strongest, invincible swordsman!
A legendary swordsman who cuts down everyone he sees and devours their souls!
Joining the ‘Purple Dual Rings’ is the first step for him to further grow and make a leap in his career.
He can’t be discouraged by this level of mental attack at a place like this!
The young man clenched his fists tightly, opened his eyes, and before he knew it, he had stood up with force!
And he bends his waist!
He bends deeply, deeply!
He bends with such force that his face almost touches his knees!
And he shouted!
Without any context, just putting all his feelings into it, with all his might!
“I will show you that I can contribute to society through assassination! I will definitely prove myself useful to the organization! So please, I humbly ask for your favor!!”
Perhaps surprised by the sudden action, the giant woman stops taking notes.
And instead, the sound of slow clapping, pachi, pachi, pachi, echoes in the room.
“…Could you raise your face?”
Hearing the gentle voice of the white-rimmed glasses man, completely different from when he was conducting the pressure interview earlier, the young man slowly looks forward.
The white-rimmed glasses man sitting in front of him, clapping his hands and looking at him… his eyes behind the glasses are gently narrowed.
“Your determination and hunger… came across well. I was made to think that I definitely want to work together with an aspiring young man like you.”
“…Then!”
At those words from the white-rimmed glasses man, the young man’s eyes widened.
“Whoa, don’t jump to conclusions. Hahaha, we’ll have a review with the executives afterwards. I want you to wait in the waiting room until then. The announcement of the results will be a little later.”
“Yes!”
The young man energetically replied to the white-rimmed glasses man, who winked while waving his index finger.
‘Don’t jump to conclusions’… even while saying that, the man’s words make it seem as if the young man’s passing is almost certain.
The young man unintentionally let out a smile.
And forgetting his self-restraint, he unintentionally clenches his fist in front of his chest!
“Well then, this concludes the interview. Thank you for your hard work. As the representative just informed you, please wait for a while in the waiting room next door.”
“Yes! Excuse me!”
Receiving those words from the giant woman, the young man bowed once beside the chair, then moved to the side of the door, retrieved his beloved sword that was leaning against the umbrella stand, bowed again, and left the chapel.
The chapel door is closed by the young man with a reserved click.
After that, silence fills the chapel.
Only the sound of the window rattling from the wind echoes in the room.
* * *
“Now then, shall we begin the assessment?”
Breaking such silence, the white-rimmed glasses man said that after lightly stretching.
“Hey, hasn’t the result already been decided?”
Then, a man jumped down from the ceiling.
It was a middle-aged man with an unkempt beard and a large scar on his forehead.
“I have some concerns.”
Next, a man wearing a deep hood over his face, concealing it, suddenly appeared next to the man who had jumped down from the ceiling while saying that.
The middle-aged man had been clinging to the ceiling while concealing his presence, and the robed man had been hiding in this chapel the whole time during the interview using magic!
In other words, both of them are fearsome veterans…!
【Intimidation】
A technique to mentally corner the opponent by releasing magic power while carrying hostility, murderous intent, malice, etc.
There is a girl who utilizes it as a communication tool, but that is a minority.