【Adventurer Mitran】 There Was a Misunderstanding
* * *
“Fuwaaah…”
“Now, now, Mitran-kun, yawning is fine, but make sure to look ahead while walking. You’ll trip, you know?”
Leseida-san and I, who had somehow escaped from the collapsing underground ruins after a life-threatening adventure.
We are currently walking on the main street of Nebo Town.
The time is late at night.
During the day, this main street was crowded with customers and the lively voices of grilled shrimp vendors flying from here and there, but the impression changes when it becomes late at night.
Only the light leaking from several houses and taverns can be seen besides the street lamps, and the starry sky can be clearly seen above.
The laughter of drunks can hardly be heard, and it’s quiet.
The reason why we are walking outside at such a late hour is that it took time to report to the Adventurer’s Guild branch office.
After all, the mysterious ruins nearby had suddenly collapsed.
The Adventurer’s Guild naturally wants information.
And we, who knew the circumstances, appeared there.
Of course, we would be detained for a long time, right?
Well, for today, they somehow understood that there was no illegality or problem with our actions, so we were allowed to return to the inn for now, and we are currently on our way back.
“It was unfortunate about Korenuzhinu-san…”
Letting out a big sigh and furrowing my brow, I muttered that.
…There were no adventurers caught up in the ruins’ collapse this time.
There were no adventurers who had ventured deep into the ruins today.
However, that doesn’t mean there were no lives lost in this incident.
That person is Korenuzhinu-san.
He was found dead in the upper levels of the ruins… killed by those villains.
The Adventurer’s Guild branch office, upon finding his remains and grasping the criminal nature of the incident, temporarily restricted entry into the ruins.
This was also one of the reasons why no adventurers were caught up in the ruins’ collapse.
By the time we reached that room, Korenuzhinu-san was already dead.
So it’s true that there was nothing we could do, but…
It’s a really frustrating feeling…
“…Look, there’s no point in just being down. Lift your face, we’ve just arrived at the inn.”
Being gently patted on the shoulder by Leseida-san and looking ahead, what jumped into my sight was a large signboard.
The wooden board, lit up by magic lamps, read “Ahate River Shrimp Inn: Dancing Wildly in the Babbling Brook.”
In other words, as Leseida-san said, this is the inn we are staying at.
“That’s right! Mitran-kun, since we’re here, why don’t we take a dip in the hot spring together before going to bed?”
Perhaps trying to cheer me up, who was a bit down, Leseida-san made that suggestion while passing through the inn’s entrance.
Yes, this town of Nebo has a hot spring!
Compared to the town of Topuringon that I had visited before, the scale is smaller, but the water is really nice.
I love hot springs!
That suggestion makes me very happy.
But…
“But you know… I’m a bit embarrassed. Because the hot spring in this inn is mixed-gender…”
That’s right.
It’s mixed-gender.
The bath here.
I kind of dislike that type of bath…
For some reason, I get stared at strangely.
“Hahaha, it’s fine, Mitran-kun. At this hour, you know? There won’t be any other guests. Besides, we’ll be entering as the same gender. Having a naked relationship isn’t so bad, right?”
“I see… That might be true!”
Encouraged by Leseida-san’s words, I decided to enjoy the hot spring with him!
After all, we escaped from underground by the skin of our teeth and are quite dirty and tired.
It wouldn’t be bad to refresh ourselves in the hot spring, right?
Ah, thinking about it like that, I feel like I want to soak in the water right away!
Walking quickly through the inn’s corridor and throwing my luggage into the room, I immediately headed to the bath.
And in the changing room in front of the bath, Leseida-san was already waiting.
He must be so eager to get into the bath too!
“No, but we had a terrible experience. I want to wash off the sweat quickly.”
“I know, right?”
Leseida-san untied his hair and started unbuttoning his clothes.
I also hurriedly take off my clothes.
Bath time, bath time!
“Even I’m quite tired. If I close my eyes, I feel like I could fall asleep at any moment!”
“…………”
“I mustn’t fall asleep and drown in the bath. Right, Leseida-san? …Leseida-san?”
“…………”
The moment I threw the clothes I had finished taking off into the basket in front of me, I noticed that Leseida-san had suddenly gone silent.
“What’s wrong?”
So I also turned to face him.
And… I, too, completely froze.
Because.
Because!
There was a misunderstanding… a misconception!
We finally realized that!
At this late stage!
Leseida-san and I stared at each other’s naked bodies in a daze.
And almost simultaneously.
“Leseida-san, you are…”
“Mitran-kun, you are…”
…We shouted!
“You were a woman!?”
“You were a boy!?”
Well, we might have somehow known.
By the way, from Mitran-kun’s perspective, he refers to Leseida-san as “he” because Mitran-kun was under the impression that Leseida-san was male.
On the other hand, from the perspective of his former teacher Ibrabarleg, who was under the impression that Mitran-kun was a girl and seemed to know that Leseida-san was female, he referred to the three of them, Emi, Mitran, and Leseida, as “those girls.”