The Flying Illegal Immigrant Girl
* * *
“Eh, what? No, what!?”
Someone in the command center muttered, seeing the girl on the monitor.
That voice echoed surprisingly well through the room.
Everyone in the command center had frozen, stunned by the unbelievable sight on the monitor, and the room was enveloped in silence.
Although there is magic for flying in this world, it’s difficult to master.
Generally, there are very few people who can use flying magic, and the officers in the command center had never seen a human fly in the flesh before.
So it’s understandable that they’re dumbfounded.
But.
“Th-That’s… ill…illegal immigration… right?”
“Calculate her trajectory.”
One by one, as they recovered, the officers began taking the necessary actions.
That girl is clearly trying to cross the Sky Kingdom’s wall without permission.
They’re in charge of border security, and naturally, they can’t just let a flying girl go free.
“Trajectory confirmed. That girl is… h-heading towards… Central Boulevard, gliding!”
“What!? Central Boulevard!?”
“Isn’t that the street where the anti-Prime Minister faction… ahem, those lowly plateau people who are siding with the rebels are holding their demonstration!?”
“Is that girl one of them!?”
Moreover, there’s currently a problem in the Sky Kingdom.
A large-scale protest by the anti-Prime Minister faction!
Amidst all of this, there is a girl flying towards those people.
It was a natural reaction for the officers to connect the girl with the anti-Prime Minister faction.
Chaos spread through the command center.
“Shoot her down… immediately!!”
But the next merciless order from Commander Kokiatsu silenced the command center again.
This man, Kokiatsu, is part of the Prime Minister’s faction.
He’s a man who’s been living as he pleases, abusing Prime Minister Nabokoris’ authority.
There’s no way he’d let an illegal immigrant who seems to be associated with the anti-Prime Minister faction go free.
That’s why he was able to issue such an order.
That’s what the officers thought.
“Look closely, you lot! That brat has black hair and black eyes! She’s a cursed child!?”
However, Kokiatsu issued that order for a completely different reason.
“We can’t let such a disgusting thing enter our proud Sky Kingdom!!”
Kokiatsu shouted, spitting out the Flyfish Fry Sandwich from his mouth disgustingly, glaring at the monitor, looking truly annoyed.
Children with black hair and black eyes are cursed children.
Beings that bring misfortune to people.
That perception… is also prevalent on the Fantasy Continent.
“Hurry up! Aim, aim!!”
“…Yes sir!”
The young officer remotely operated the ‘High-Speed Mobile Magic Battery “Snake”’, which had just missed its timing and passed by, adjusting its position and preparing for the bombardment.
If he disobeys, his family’s lives are in danger.
That situation hasn’t changed.
Ideally, he should give a warning before firing.
But he couldn’t defy Commander Kokiatsu.
“Magic battery, ready…”
As the young officer spoke, the ten-car magic batteries, connected in a long line like a snake on the rails, simultaneously turned their barrels towards the flying girl, with a ‘Gachari’ sound!
“Firing in… three… two… one…”
The young officer prayed.
Just like before, that something would happen.
That he wouldn’t have to fire.
But, mercilessly…
…Nothing happened…
The three seconds of the countdown passed in an instant.
The time has come for him to do his duty.
(Forgive me… forgive me…!)
Screaming those words of atonement in his heart, words that would reach no one…
The young officer pressed the magic battery firing button on the lever of the control panel…!
Chu-chu-chu-chu-chu-chu-chu-chu-chu-chu-chu-chu-chu-chu-chu-chu-chu-chu-chu!
Without a moment’s delay, the magic batteries installed on ‘Snake’ emitted a high-pitched sound and simultaneously shot out yellow orbs of light… 【Yellow Magic Orbs】.
Those orbs all rushed towards the jet-black girl flying in the sky… and without a doubt, all of them hit their target.
ZBOBOBOBOBOBOBOBOBON!
And in an instant, the girl was swallowed by the 【Magic Explosion】 caused by the impact of the orbs, her figure disappearing in the light…!
“Nuhahahaha! Nuhahahaha!”
Kokiatsu laughed gleefully at the sight.
It doesn’t matter to him how many cursed children die.
“…………”
On the other hand, the young officer who pressed the firing button, tightly closed his mouth sideways, trying to keep a straight face… but he was trembling, his face pale.
He, too, is a soldier.
He thought he was prepared to kill, and he has even fired at pirate ships before.
But today was the first time he had shot a living human being.
…Since today was also the first time he had ever seen a human fly…
“““…………”””
The other officers in the command center were also silent.
There are those among them who, like Kokiatsu, belong to the Prime Minister’s faction, and their thoughts are varied.
But at least…
There wasn’t a single person who was rotten enough to laugh at someone’s death like Kokiatsu.
Now then.
A few seconds have passed since the yellow 【Magic Explosion】, caused by the impact of the 【Yellow Magic Orbs】.
That explosion, spreading spherically, filled the lenses of the “Angel’s Eyes” with yellow light, temporarily rendering all the monitors in the command center unusable, but…
That yellow light… began to fade.
The blue of the sky.
And the blue of the fog, of the vast Sea of Fog below.
Those two colors started appearing on the screen.
Only those two colors appear on the screen.
Everyone in the command center thought so.
Therefore.
“…Huh?”
Kokiatsu, the young officer, and all the other officers in the room.
Looking at the footage displayed on the giant monitor in the command center…
Their jaws dropped…
And they let out dumbfounded voices.
Because, there…
…There…!
Despite being directly hit by the 【Yellow Magic Orbs】, which would definitely turn an ordinary human into charred pieces of meat!
Although she’s swaying unsteadily, and her white skin is slightly charred…
The cursed child is still flying in the sky, looking relatively fine!
The reactions of the people inside the command center, seeing that sight, were varied!
But the words they all uttered were exactly the same!
“““““WHY IS SHE STILL ALIVE!?”””””
That’s because, she’s not just a flying girl, she’s an exceptionally tough flying beautiful girl!!