【Tales of the Gods 29】The Adventure God, Dorantos
* * *
“Haaaa…”
The Adventure God, Dorantos, sighed deeply.
He’s currently in his Divine Realm, designed like an office, slumped in his office chair.
His gaze is fixed on a frame-shaped device hanging on the wall, displaying the scene of the lower world.
“Mitran’s alive… It’s over… safely…”
The Adventure God, Dorantos, sighed deeply.
What’s displayed in that frame is the desert at dawn.
Mitran’s back, as he watches Emi fly away into the gradually yellowing sky.
He didn’t expect Emi to strangle Mitran at the very end.
Dorantos was seriously scared when he saw that.
Especially since Emi hadn’t shown such a trick during her rampage, like hiding her tentacles underground for a surprise attack.
If she had done that, Mitran would probably be dead.
Thinking about that, it can be said that Emi was clearly weakened when she lost control and went on a rampage.
“Haaaa…”
The Adventure God, Dorantos, sighed deeply.
That was scary.
Seriously.
“Hmm… Haaa…”
The Adventure God, Dorantos, sighed deeply.
However, it’s good that he was able to take care of Mitran.
Realizing that the cheats he was given aren’t his own power, and worrying about it.
It’s one of the walls that reincarnated people occasionally hit.
This time, Dorantos was able to quickly notice Mitran’s true feelings and respond to them.
That’s really good.
These kinds of problems can be troublesome if they’re left to fester.
He wants Mitran to use his cheat abilities to achieve great things, and increase people’s admiration for adventurers.
Because that also becomes the source of the Adventure God, Dorantos’s power.
“…………Haaa…”
The Adventure God, Dorantos, sighed deeply.
But what’s really giving him a headache is the problem of Emi.
He never dreamed that a black-haired, black-eyed deletion factor would pop out of that unidentified monster.
Thanks to that, he’s going to be up all night.
In order to distribute Mitran’s Isekai Reincarnation video, he has to edit it and somehow erase Emi from the screen.
Well, it’s the same as with the ruins.
Dorantos managed to do it then.
He’ll manage to do it this time too.
“Nuuu… Haaa…”
The Adventure God, Dorantos, sighed deeply.
But putting aside the video.
That girl, Emi.
Isn’t she a little too dangerous?
Although he only observed her through the screen, she pierced magical creatures with her tentacles and presumably absorbed their mana.
She probably did that to every magical creature she encountered, until she confronted Mitran and the others.
On top of that, even after eating the bread that Dorantos had Mitran imbue with a considerable amount of divine power, she’s still alive, even though she lost consciousness for a while.
Well, Dorantos gave her his divine power to save Mitran, with the conviction that it would work… but.
Frankly, this is abnormal.
Absorbing magical power, taking in divine power.
As a result, those powers are sent to the soul.
But there’s a limit to the capacity of a living being’s soul.
If you take in too much power, the soul will burst, and the living being will die.
It’s what humans call “mana poisoning”.
And yet, no matter how much magical power Emi absorbs, she shows no signs of illness.
Rather, during her rampage, Emi clearly lacked the necessary magical power for her soul’s capacity.
That’s probably why she went on a rampage.
Among the desert magical creatures that Emi attacked, there must have been several long-lived individuals, like the Golden Pyramid.
Usually, those guys have a tremendous amount of magical power.
Even after devouring them, Emi’s soul still craved magical power…
Just how much can she “eat”?
Normally… he could report this to the Sealing God or the Punishment God, citing the need to protect the ecosystem.
Or rather, that would be the recommended course of action.
“Ahhh… Haaa…”
The Adventure God, Dorantos, sighed deeply.
But Dorantos can’t do something like that.
If, as a result of the report, Emi is recognized as a new demigod, and the gods impose some restrictions on her actions… that would be fine.
But what if, by any chance, Emi is deemed a new Calamity, and is subjugated or sealed…?
If that happens, there’s one demigod who won’t stay silent.
Lairine Rune, the current head of the Adventurers’ Guild.
She has taken Emi in as her daughter.
Dorantos already knew that.
He had a hunch when Mitran met Emi in the ruins, but… he tried to avoid mentioning it, as it would be troublesome.
But Dorantos is a serious person at heart.
He gradually became more and more concerned, and secretly investigated Emi, without Lairine noticing.
So Dorantos knows… at least the superficial things about Emi.
If Emi is subjugated or sealed, Lairine, who took her in as her daughter, will be furious.
There’s no doubt about that.
And if, in her rage, she starts massacring humanity…
Naturally, Lairine will be the next to be deemed a Calamity.
And then, she’ll be subjugated or sealed.
No matter how much damage is caused, it will surely be done.
They have the advantage of experience and numbers.
But the problem is.
What happens after that.
Dorantos will undoubtedly be held responsible for Lairine’s rampage…
“Haaaaaaaaaa…”
The Adventure God, Dorantos, sighed deeply.
As long as there’s that risk, Dorantos won’t do anything about Emi.
All he can do is pray that Emi doesn’t cause any incidents.
This is truly a headache.
If possible, he’d like to keep track of Emi’s whereabouts and have his apostle monitor her.
But that’s impossible, as Emi’s soul is difficult to track.
By the way, although Lairine is currently unaware of Emi’s whereabouts, Dorantos doesn’t intend to tell her about this.
Because if he does, Lairine will abandon her work and rush to the Lasanaskiros Desert.
And since Lairine has no sense of direction, she will definitely get lost.
That would be troublesome.
Lairine has to protect the seal of Odokato Se Kenu on the sealed island of Vera Kenu.
She’s not allowed to leave for extended periods.
But it’s also not good to keep completely silent.
It’ll be troublesome if she later gets upset and says, ‘Why didn’t you tell me, even though you knew?’
…He’ll tell Lairine about Emi… after Emi gets closer to a large city with a branch of the Adventurers’ Guild that has a teleportation magic circle.
The western part of the Lasanaskiros Desert is a dead end.
The west is blocked by the Great Wall, the north by the sea, and the south by steep mountains.
In other words, Emi is “sure to head east through the Lasanaskiros Desert and appear in the desert’s capital.”
That city has a teleportation magic circle.
Lairine can quickly go there and meet Emi.
Yes, he’ll keep a close watch on the area around the capital.
Dorantos made that extremely logical decision.
“Haaa…”
The Adventure God, Dorantos, sighed deeply.
Anyway, there’s nothing more he can do about Emi right now.
So, he’ll try to forget about it.
Just as he was about to change his mood by slapping his cheeks, he remembered another problem he had.
It’s how to deal with the ‘Sunrise Triangle’.
When Dorantos saw that group on the screen, judging from their incomprehensible behavior, he concluded that they were just a group of perverted criminals.
So he thought it would be fine for Mitran and the others, as their adversaries, to defeat them.
However.
It seems that the Sunrise Triangle… their leader, Guru Temen, was actually an apostle of a god called the Triangular Pyramid God.
The moment he fired triangular pyramids from his chest… the power observed was undoubtedly divine power…
Well, he had been thinking, ‘No way…?’ until then.
But it was at that moment that it was confirmed that Guru Temen was an apostle.
In other words.
Dorantos’s reincarnated person, Mitran, attacked another god’s apostle…
This will definitely cause trouble…
“Haaaaaaaaaa…”
The Adventure God, Dorantos, sighed deeply.
However.
This time, the other party is the one at fault.
Even before confronting Mitran and the others, the Sunrise Triangle had committed numerous crimes.
Subjugating such a criminal group is also part of an adventurer’s job.
The ones who do bad things are the bad guys.
Currently, Guru Temen and the others are tied up and imprisoned… and that’s their own fault.
Yes, that’s right.
That’s how it is.
There’s no need for him to apologize to the other god… right?
Yes, yes.
He’s not at fault.
Rather, it’s the other party who should be apologizing.
“Haaaaaaaaaa…”
The Adventure God, Dorantos, sighed deeply.
But.
The thoughts of gods vary greatly from one to another.
Perhaps the Triangular Pyramid God will make an unexpected accusation against Dorantos.
Rather, considering that he appointed such perverted criminals as his apostles, it’s more likely that the Triangular Pyramid God’s common sense won’t apply to this situation.
And in that case, depending on the divinity of the other party, or the god supporting them, Dorantos might have to swallow his pride and apologize…
Although it seems unreasonable, that’s how things work between gods in this world.
Should he prepare a gift basket or something, just in case…?
No, no, no, no!
Wait!
Don’t be discouraged… No matter how you look at it, it’s their fault.
There’s no need to buy a new gift basket!
He has that.
He’s sure he bought a box of cookies the other day.
That’ll do.
If necessary, he’ll take that as a gift basket.
That should be enough!
Having come to terms with his various feelings, and having decided on that compromise, Dorantos stood up and walked towards a landscape painting hanging on the wall.
The box of cookies is hidden in a hidden drawer behind it.
Dorantos hides sweets all over his room like this.
He has to, otherwise his careless neighboring god will invade his Divine Realm and steal them.
Dorantos moved the landscape painting and quietly pulled the drawer handle.
And what was inside is—
…A box of cookies, with its wrapping paper crudely torn!
And the cookies inside… are almost all gone…!
“…………Haaaaaaaaaa…!!”
The Adventure God, Dorantos, sighed deeply.
Dorantos is still treated as a junior among the gods, and is often looked down upon, so he has a lot of hardships.
The is the final chapter of Arc 26.
By the way, during the story of Arc 26, there’s a certain person who completely disappeared from the narrative at some point. This was intentional.
Let’s not worry about it.