The Winds of Yoshanka are Cold Even During the Day
* * *
Byuoooo……
Good morning from the windswept wilderness outskirts of Yoshanka, where the sea breezes rage as ever. This is Emi.
<Good morning, Emi. I’m glad you were able to get some proper rest.>
I’m currently nestled in a burrow dug at the base of a sprawling shrub covering the barren grounds.
My makeshift den from last night.
The densely packed, hardy leaves provided full protection from the winds, and while I’m not sure how it would fare in rain, it was quite a cozy, comfortable place to spend the night.
Wriggling out from the bushes, I stretched my body.
The weather remained overcast as usual.
The winds were chilly.
The unfamiliar salty sea scent still stung my nostrils.
<So…what will you do, Emi?>
What to do indeed, Extra-sama.
Despite successfully completing the ‘task’ of gathering medicinal herbs for adventurer registration yesterday, that receptionist dismissed it as stolen goods without even listening to me.
<I never expected such a dismissive response either.>
Right…?
To become an adventurer, it seems simply harvesting the Cysh Grass wasn’t enough – I need to prove I actually gathered it myself.
<…Emi, though I was the one who provoked you yesterday…you haven’t given up yet, have you?>
……..
Well, of course not!
Right after declaring I’d overcome that unreasonable treatment, giving up immediately would be so unsightly!
Just because I was brushed off once, what of it?
That’s right, I was merely treated discourteously a single time.
I have no intention of living a life where I’d surrender after something so trivial!
<So what will you do?>
It’s simple, Extra-sama.
The reason my herb gathering was doubted as stolen was because I went alone.
Which means, I just need to not go alone.
If I can find someone to accompany me and verify that I’m the one harvesting the Cysh Grass, then it should be fine!
<I see. But do you think it will go so smoothly?>
…I don’t know!
But if I don’t try, nothing will get started, right?
For now, I’ll head back to the Adventurer’s Guild branch!
I set off running towards Yoshanka’s town center.
Taking the long way around to the main gate was too much effort, so I simply used 【Silverfish】 to scale the outer walls.
* * *
…One hour later!
On a stone bench in the park at the center of Yoshanka!
There I sat…cradling my head dejectedly.
<…It didn’t go well, did it…>
No…
Black hair and black eyes are a curse in this world’s common sense.
Even though I concealed my hair under a cloth wrapping today, the rumors of me being a cursed child had already spread throughout town since yesterday.
Not a single adventurer was willing to “accompany a cursed child to gather herbs in the demon realm.”
Everyone shunned me with superstition, unwilling to even converse.
There was even an old man who drew his weapon to threaten me.
Though a little 【Intimidation】 was enough to make him wet himself and crumple up in fear.
Seeing a grown man cower just from a girl’s intimidation made me question whether he was fit to handle adventuring at all.
Juuu…juuu……
Before me was a street stall grilling what looked like massive yakitori skewers.
Apparently in Yoshanka, buying and eating breakfast from these outdoor vendors was normal, with several such stalls scattered around town.
Guuuu…..
I’m hungry.
Come to think of it, I haven’t eaten anything since waking up today.
<Emi, Emi! Why don’t we get something delicious to eat and change your mood a bit!?>
Extra-sama suggested cheerfully.
…Yeah.
Yeah, that’s a good idea, Extra-sama!
Let’s eat something delicious! Not raw meat, but tasty cooked food!
Fortunately, I still have the 15,000 enn I earned as a maid-in-training at the baron’s estate.
More than enough to buy a few yakitori skewers.
Ah, enn is the currency by the way.
The similarity in sound to “yen” is just a coincidence, apparently.
I headed towards the stall at a leisurely pace.
As a side note, the street stalls in Yoshanka always face away from the sea, with solid board walls on the vendor’s backside.
Evidently to shield themselves from the sea winds.
Just a random side note.
As I approached, an appetizing aroma wafted over.
The scent of meat fat.
Of charcoal……
Guururururu……
Ah…I can’t hold back any longer!
Hey mister! Give me 10 of those skewers!
“!? You, that outfit, you’re the cursed child who came to town yesterday, aren’t you!? Don’t come near my stall!!”
…The white-haired vendor flung searing hot charcoal at me instead.
Of course, I instantly evaded it.
“Um, I want some skew-”
“You’re just bad for business! Scram, get out of here already!”
“…….”
As he continued hurling charcoal briquettes, I gracefully side-stepped each one.
With my body feeling warmed up, I decided to throw in a little repeating side-step sequence as a free service (?).
Shushushushu! Shushushushu!
Behold this speed!
Incomparable to that backwater village, this godly speed!
You can practically see the afterimages!
“Wh-What even are you!? Just by approaching, you’re scaring my other customers away! Have some mercy, will ya!? Get out of here already!!”
………………..
The stall vendor broke down into tearful sobs.
U-Um…that is…
I’m sorry……
What is this?
What’s going on here?
Was I the one in the wrong…?
Though unsettled, having someone cry in front of me still made me feel quite apologetic…
I turned my back to the stall and began trudging away aimlessly.
…For now, I’ll just head to the Kaise Forest.
I’ll eat some raw snakes instead.
My bare feet pattered across the cold stone pavement.
Chilly.
The winds of Yoshanka were cold, even during the day.
“…Hey!”
Then, a voice called out to me from behind.
A youthful boy’s voice.
Turning around, I saw it was the silver-haired adventurer Kamasse.
…Kamasse was staring at me, holding a yakitori skewer in each hand.