【Adventurer Mitran】The End of the Farce
* * *
“Hih…”
Who was it that gasped?
…It could have been anyone.
That monster, that mass of tentacles, was just that terrifying.
Just by “being there.”
ZAZAZAZAZAH!!
Jet-black tentacles, occasionally tinged with a rusty red.
Moving some of them like a spider’s legs, the monster approached us, and then—
Whoosh!!
—With a speed invisible to the naked eye, it thrust out a tentacle, like a spear.
The target of the rapidly extending tentacle… is the overturned Golden Pyramid!
ZUGAAN!!
The spear-like tentacle easily pierced through the Golden Pyramid… the part of the ancient ruin that the giant hermit crab was using as its shell, as if it were paper, and then probably… pierced the hermit crab’s flesh.
Slurp, slurp, slurp…
An unpleasant slurping sound came from inside the hermit crab’s shell.
And in sync with that sound, the hermit crab’s giant pincers, hanging outside the shell… quickly withered and shrunk!
“I-Is it… eating…?”
As I muttered that, trembling, Leseida-san, noticing something, shouted!
“No way… Was the Golden Pyramid running away from that tentacle monster…? That was the cause of the stampede!!”
Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!
Almost at the same time as Leseida-san’s scream.
The monster’s “meal” seemed to be over, and the tentacle piercing the Golden Pyramid was retracted into the monster’s main body, which had somehow gotten quite close to us.
The hermit crab’s pincers are now cracked and shrunken… beyond recognition.
I think the main body, hidden inside the shell, must also be in a terrible state, having been sucked dry of something.
Well, that doesn’t matter to us right now.
Because.
Because.
That tentacle monster’s attention.
…Its appetite.
Is now directed at us humans.
I can feel it!
I know it!
Because of the nauseatingly intense killing intent directed at us!
“Do not be afraid! Now is the time to show our faith! We are protected by the Triangular Pyramid God’s blessing! Everyone, battle stations!”
““““““SWIIIIII!! HOH HOH HOOO!!””””””
The first to move, commanded by the pervert, shaking the triangular pyramids on his chest and groin, was the Sunrise Triangle.
They stopped restraining us and immediately formed their four-person cavalry formations, shaped like triangular pyramids.
And then… red light formed a triangular pyramid, becoming a barrier that enveloped them!
Is that the Triangular Pyramid God’s blessing!?
“Charge!!”
““““““SWIIIIII!! HOH HOH HOOO!!””””””
And the red triangular pyramids, under the pervert’s command, charged towards the tentacle monster with tremendous speed!
Is it the power of the blessing…? Their speed is beyond what human legs can achieve!
Perhaps intending to avoid the spear-like tentacle attack from earlier, they moved left and right, their path meandering… and like the wind, the red triangular pyramids slid across the desert!
But!
Whoosh!!
The tentacle monster casually swung one of its tentacles sideways.
With just that.
““““““SWIIIIII!? HOH HOH HOOO!?””””””
The red triangular pyramid barriers, all hit by the tentacle, shattered easily, like breaking glass, and the members of the Sunrise Triangle were blown away without being able to do anything, and rolled onto the sand.
Perhaps due to the effect of the barrier, there are no visible external injuries on the Triangles.
There’s no bleeding either.
However, they’re not moving a muscle.
Whether they’re dead or alive is unknown.
But with just one blow… they’ve at least lost consciousness.
“How dare you… HOW DARE YOU, HOW DARE YOUUUUUUUU!!!”
Seeing that, the pervert was enraged!
He emitted a dense, bright red magical power, visible to the naked eye… and his muscles bulged, his body growing larger!?
And the red magical power emanating from his entire body… is gathering in his chest!?
“TAKE THIS! 【PIERCING TRIANGULAR PYRAMID】!!!”
And then, with the pervert’s scream… the two triangular pyramids attached to his chest were fired at incredible speed!
Naturally, the pervert’s chest was exposed, but since he’s an old man, it’s safe!
Michi! Crackle!
The two triangular pyramids, tearing through the tentacles trying to stop them, flew straight towards the main body of the tentacle monster.
But… no good!
Even if the tentacles are torn off, new ones immediately grow back!
They’re not decreasing at all!
In the end, the two triangular pyramids fired from his chest lost their momentum before reaching the monster’s main body, were entangled by the tentacles, and with their terrifying power, were crushed and distorted beyond recognition…!
“Tch… Then!!”
Seeing that, the pervert started moving the magical power covering his body to his groin!
Yes… that pervert has one more triangular pyramid attached to his groin.
No way, is he going to fire that triangular pyramid!?
The last “clothing” he’s wearing!?
Is he going to shoot it out!?
That’s terrible!!!
“GUGYAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!?”
But the triangular pyramid on the pervert’s groin wasn’t fired.
Before that, a tentacle flew at an incredible speed… and knocked the pervert away.
“Guh… ga… geh…!?”
The pervert rolled across the sand, and after coming to a stop, convulsed a few times… and then stopped moving, his eyes rolled back.
Zozonzo, zozonzo, zozonzo…
The tentacle monster, having quickly annihilated the Sunrise Triangle, moved its tentacles, and turned to face us.
It doesn’t seem to be piercing its tentacles into the fallen Sunrise Triangles, like it did with the hermit crab.
But its appetite… its killing intent, hasn’t diminished at all.
It probably intends to immobilize us all first.
And then eat us.
“Uuh…”
My body trembles with fear.
But I can’t just cower because I’m scared.
Looking to the side, I see Leseida-san, also trembling and pale, just like me.
Behind her, Harishurap-san, wiping the blood from his mouth with his fist, is trying to stand up.
Lady is huddled next to Harishurap-san, as if to protect him, but it seems that she’s also injured from the battle with the Golden Pyramid.
No one is in any condition to fight.
“…That’s why—”
I somehow managed to stand up, and forced my trembling hand to grip the hilt of the sword at my waist.
“I’ll… fight…”
And I drew my sword!
My partner, who has been with me on my long journey, without any reason… its blade glinted in the setting sun!
“That’s why!”
And I gripped the hilt of the sword with both hands, held it in a stance, and prayed!
“Answer me! 【Super Combat Instinct】!!”
To the cheat the Adventure God gave me, 【Super Combat Instinct】!
This cheat is usually unreliable, but in these desperate situations, its activation rate is 100%!
Please, this time too!
And then, multiple battle simulations with the tentacle monster immediately appeared as visions in my mind.
It’s rare for the response to be this fast!
In those visions, I—
I was hit by the tentacle’s sideways swing, my body split in two, and I died.
I was pierced through the chest by the tentacle’s spear-like thrust, and I died.
I was entangled and torn apart by multiple tentacles, and I died.
“Hih, hiieh!?”
W-Why!?
【Super Combat Instinct】 is the invincible cheat that always leads me to victory, right!?
Then what are these visions!?
“M-Mitran-kun!?”
Leseida-san called out to me, as I involuntarily stepped back.
But I don’t have time to answer!
What should I do!?
What should I do!?
Someone, tell me!
Tell me, 【Super Intuition】!!
I desperately clung to another cheat that supports me.
【Super Intuition】.
A convenient cheat ability that heightens my focus at crucial moments and allows me to intuitively find the answer.
This cheat ability responded to my plea and immediately gave me the optimal solution for this situation.
【Super Intuition】 told me.
What I should do now.
The answer that 【Super Intuition】 gave.
Is.
‘Abandon your comrades and run away from this place with all your might.’