sudden 館内放送
* * *
DOJAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!
A roaring wave of sludge is approaching from behind!
Glancing back, I see that the wave is reaching the ceiling of the corridor.
It seems impossible to avoid or wait it out.
“Tch…!!”
I clicked my tongue and increased my speed, running across the wall.
That wave of sludge behind me is incredibly fast, since it’s keeping up with me.
…Not only its speed, but also the terrible stench that assaults my nose every time I breathe in is pretty unbearable.
I’m starting to get a headache.
And then.
A large bubble appeared on the spreading sludge, covering the corridor floor ahead.
—POP—it burst!
“!!”
I involuntarily crossed my arms in front of my face, blocking the sludge spray.
A few drops landed on my arms.
And then, at that moment.
“Guh… !?”
A slight fatigue suddenly washed over me!
<Your mana is being absorbed!!>
Geez, this sludge… just touching it is bad!?
I swayed, and put my hands on the wall.
A tentacle shot out from the sludge on the floor, aiming for the opening!
“RAAAH!”
But don’t underestimate me!
Putting strength into my hands on the wall, I pushed myself off and jumped high into the air!
And spinning around, I used centrifugal force to shake off the sludge on my arms, twisted my body, and landed on the opposite wall!
I started running again!
DOPAPAPAPA!!
A moment later, sludge tentacles hit the wall I just ran across, and were repelled.
That was close!!
<Ahead, a right-angle turn to the right!!>
“RAH!!”
I replied to Extra-sama’s navigation with an energetic bark.
Even if it’s a conversation in my head, I don’t have time to chat!
“AAAH!”
Jumping again, I landed in the corridor beyond the corner.
The wave of sludge hit the corner wall—Bashan, bashan—and its momentum momentarily decreased.
<Let’s put some distance between us while we can!>
But.
What came into my view, as I looked ahead after checking behind me, was a rather unpleasant sight.
<Eh… The wall is covered in sludge!>
Yes.
The advance party of the sludge has started covering not only the floor… but also the walls!
“RAAAAAH!”
I had no choice but to change lanes from the side wall to the ceiling!
I ran upside down… but—
<Now the ceiling too!>
Well, if it can stick to walls, it can stick to the ceiling too, right!?
“AAAAAH!”
I quickly pushed off the ceiling and floated into the air.
And instantly manipulating my 【Black Arms】, I formed 【Black Wings】 and mana jet nozzles on my back!
I started flying with mana jet propulsion!
DOPAPAPAPAAA!
Sludge tentacles extended from the floor, walls, and ceiling of the corridor I just passed through, colliding with each other, scattering spray!
Th-That was close!!
<Ahead! A turn to the left this time!>
“NUGUH!?”
I panicked, hearing Extra-sama’s navigation.
I’m not very good at flying!
Since I’m indoors, the 【Black Wings】 I can create are smaller than usual, and with their different size… I can’t make sharp turns!?
<But if you don’t turn, you’ll crash head-on into the sludge on the wall! Do something!>
Alright, I’ll do something!!
I haven’t done this much… but I’ll have to improvise!!
“RAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!”
First, I deactivated my 【Black Wings】!
Continuing to fly straight ahead from inertia, I extended eight 【Black Tentacles】, four pairs, from my sides.
Like a harvestman.
Since I have quite a bit of momentum, it’s difficult to make a complete turn.
So I’ll land on the sludge-covered wall first.
With my eight, elongated… 【Black Legs】!
“RA… AAH!!”
First, as planned, I landed on the sludge with my 【Black Legs】.
“AAAAAH!”
And then, with my main body about to crash into the sludge-covered wall from inertia, I had my 【Black Legs】 brace themselves, and somehow managed to “pull myself up”!
Ugh, I stopped just before my face hit the sludge!
That was close!
Or rather, it stinks!?
IT STINKS!!
“A-Raa… retch”
Moreover, this sludge is absorbing my mana… even through my 【Black Legs】.
The stench and the fatigue from mana absorption are truly unpleasant.
I hurriedly moved my 【Black Legs】—Gasha, gasha—and moved to the other side of the corner.
Fortunately for me… the corridor beyond the corner isn’t covered in sludge yet.
I can run on the floor!
“RAAH!!”
I fired mana from the nozzles on my back, and jumped into the uncontaminated corridor, rolled, bounced, stood up, and started running, staggering!
Bashan! Bashan!
The sound of the sludge tsunami violently crashing into the wall of the corner echoed from behind!
<AH!?>
Extra-sama’s scream!
<Ahead… an intersection! The path splits into three directions!>
Seriously, an intersection now?
Which way is the right one!?
<I don’t know!>
Of course you don’t!
Although I can run on the floor now, and my speed has increased, and I’ve put some distance between me and the sludge, but I don’t have much time to hesitate!?
<This is where my intuition, honed by watching the Gambling God’s broadcasts, comes in!>
Hmm, I don’t feel very confident about that!
What should I do… which way should I go!?
The intersection is getting closer and closer.
I have about ten seconds left to decide!
But.
It was at that moment.
Po, po, po, poom.
That… the sound of a soft chime… suddenly echoed through the corridor.
And then.
『Alright! It seems that the PA system is working! Kakaka! Something like this is easy for a genius like me!』
Some… carefree, and high-tension announcement, came on.
『Now then, that young lady with black hair and black eyes, listen up! Turn right at the next intersection! I’ll guide you to a safe place!』
Furthermore, the announcement… started giving me directions.
Although the voice… is speaking in an old-fashioned manner.
It’s a young woman’s voice.