【Beautiful Girl Detective Akashiterika!】The Old Imperial City Frozend Museum Murder Case 9
* * *
“BUSHUUUUUU!”
Akashiterika and Steel Index, running towards each other… but the first to strike was Steel Index.
The ancient weapon, running while scattering steam and shaking the ground, spun its upper body to gather momentum, and swung its giant spear horizontally!
“Haa!”
Akashiterika dodged the attack, sliding forward!
And then, sliding under Steel Index, she extended her long legs, enveloped in silver light…
“【The Emperor Draws a Full Moon While Sleeping】!!”
A horizontal spin, just above the floor!
She kicked Steel Index’s heel!
“BUSHU!?”
Steel Index is a massive magic robot.
Normally, it shouldn’t even budge if it’s just kicked by a girl, because of its weight.
But Akashiterika is currently empowered by the Superbad Divine Jeweled Crown.
Her kick easily hit Steel Index’s leg, and Steel Index, losing its balance…
ZZZ… SHIIIIIIIINNNNN!!
…Fell backwards with a roar, scattering dust!
A large opening has appeared!
“TA!”
Akashiterika, quickly escaping from under Steel Index’s body, jumped high.
She intends to crush Steel Index’s head with a single blow, empowered by the Superbad Divine Jeweled Crown, from high altitude!
But…!
If the opponent was a human, this attack would have worked.
But Steel Index is a magic robot.
It has no pain sensory system, so even if it falls, it doesn’t feel any pain, and it doesn’t lose consciousness, not even for a moment.
Furthermore, its body structure… although its appearance mimics a human’s, it’s actually completely different!
“BUSHU! BUSHUUUUUU!”
The next moment!
Steel Index’s left arm, the one not holding the spear… suddenly moved!
Its arm is not only fast… but for some reason, it’s slightly longer!
The giant steel fist… drawing an impossible, whip-like trajectory, flew towards Akashiterika in midair… at the speed of a cannonball!
“EH!? KYAA!?”
Akashiterika, hit from the side by the opponent who should have been lying on its back, was blown away to the wall, bouncing off the entrance hall floor several times.
The Superbad Divine Jeweled Crown deployed a spherical, silver barrier around her every time she was hit, reducing the damage… but it can’t block everything.
Blood trickled down Akashiterika’s forehead, as she somehow managed to regain her balance mid-air, twisting and turning her body, and finally landing on her feet, her arms crossed.
It seems that she cut her head somewhere.
“Haa… Fuu…”
She’s also breathing heavily.
Even with the Superbad Divine Jeweled Crown’s empowerment, she’s exhausted.
A prolonged battle isn’t desirable.
“BUSHU!!”
Steel Index, slowly getting up, launched its next attack at Akashiterika.
It’s an attack by the remaining magic drones.
Several spheres, floating in the air, deployed sharp buzzsaws, and charged at Akashiterika in unison!
“Kuh!”
The image of her limbs being severed by sharp blades flashed through Akashiterika’s mind, and she gritted her teeth, her face pale…!
But here, help arrived!
“I’ll give it… my all!”
“This is… the end!”
A magic attack by the still mobile police officers!
Fireballs, lightning bolts, ice shards… They rained down on the magic drones, causing several of them to crash to the floor!
“…【The Emperor’s Cannonball Kickball】!!”
Akashiterika quickly assessed the situation, ran towards a downed magic drone, and… kicked it with all her might!
The kicked magic drone flew through the air, and hit one of the still flying drones!
And then, bouncing off it, it hit another one!
Two drones disabled with a single kick!
“【The Emperor’s Cannonball Kickball】! 【The Emperor’s Cannonball Kickball】!!”
Akashiterika desperately kicked the broken magic drones like balls, shooting down the ones still in the air!
A hundred percent accuracy!
Her concentration, honed through her detective work, is maximizing the accuracy of her sniping kicks!
But… that action, that concentration, became her downfall.
She was too focused on dealing with the magic drones.
To the point of fatally… noticing Steel Index’s approach too late!
“BUSHUUUUUU!”
“Ah…”
By the time Akashiterika noticed—
Steel Index’s spear was already thrusting towards her.
There’s no time to dodge the spear, extending straight towards her.
In her slowed-down subjective time.
Akashiterika could only watch as the tip of the spear gradually approached her head.
It’s over!
Akashiterika, breaking out in a cold sweat, gritted her teeth.
But… that’s when it happened!
Something large flew towards her… and hit the spear directly.
Steel Index’s spear, its trajectory altered, grazed Akashiterika’s ear, and pierced the air.
What flew towards her… is a greatsword.
The one who threw it is, naturally, Director Rakigataa!
“G-Gufufu…”
Director Rakigataa, having regained consciousness, staggered, breathing heavily, but smiled boldly…
“Now’s your chance, Akashiterika-sama!!”
He shouted!
And at the same time as his voice!
Akashiterika jumped!
“HAAAAAAAAH!”
And twisting her body sideways!
“【The World Revolves Around the Emperor】!!”
She unleashed a sharp roundhouse kick at Steel Index’s thick, steel chest plate!
“BUSHU!?”
Steel Index was involuntarily pushed back by the impact of the kick.
But Akashiterika’s attack didn’t end there!
“AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!”
An even stronger silver light enveloped Akashiterika’s screaming body, and then!
Her rotation speed… is increasing rapidly!
Furthermore, her body… isn’t falling to the floor!
“BUSHUUUUUU!?”
And Akashiterika, floating in midair, transformed into a silver, high-speed spinning object, unleashed a series of roundhouse kicks, empowered by the Superbad Divine Jeweled Crown, at Steel Index!
“BU, SHU, BUSHU!?”
Every time it was kicked, sparks flew from Steel Index’s joints, and its circuits were burned out by the impact!
“BUSHUUUUUU!”
This is bad!
Steel Index, making that judgment, forcefully jumped backwards!
It somehow managed to escape Akashiterika’s attack range!
But its armor is already tattered.
Several malfunctions have also occurred, and it can’t move properly.
“BUSHU…”
Steel Index, spewing steam like blood, knelt down on one knee.
…Akashiterika didn’t miss that opening!
“【The Emperor’s Will Pierces All】!!”
Akashiterika ran towards Steel Index with all her might, jumped, and unleashed a flying kick!
“AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!”
Her whole body is enveloped in silver light again!
“BUSHU! BUSHU! BUSHU!”
Steel Index, trying to avoid the silver cannonball, sparks scattering from its whole body, tried to escape.
But it can’t move anymore.
It can’t move!
Therefore, the next moment!
Steel Index’s sturdy body, forged with the technology of the Super-Ancient Magic Civilization!
“AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH!!!”
Was pierced by Akashiterika’s flying kick!
And at the same time as she landed behind Steel Index!
“BUSHUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!”
As if letting out a death cry, Steel Index spewed steam!
DOGOOOOOOOOOON!!!
With a roar, scattering flames… it exploded, and ceased functioning!