The Second Woman, Ad Bahns 2
* * *
“Y-Y-You… Is that your true nature!?”
Saint Ad, suddenly acting vulgarly!
Kalamaruyu, not knowing how to deal with her, shook, his voice trembling!
“Well, yeah… If you’re going to be that hostile… Well, I’m not going to bother keeping up appearances either.”
Saint Ad, exhaling a puff of smoke towards Kalamaruyu, muttered that languidly, and then…
“What? Are you scared?”
Saying that, she moved closer to Kalamaruyu, and poked his forehead with her right index finger!
Her spirited, shining blue eyes are right in front of him!
Her skin… is so white!
Her pink lips are glossy!
Her light blonde hair, brushing against his cheek, tickles!
But she smells like cigarettes!
“I-I’m not scared!”
Kalamaruyu, his face flushed red, his voice cracking, pressed himself against the back of the chair, and slapped Saint Ad’s right hand away!
To be honest… he was scared!
He was part of an all-male research team, he had no immunity to women, he’s never been this close to one before, and on top of that, this vulgar type of woman is completely unknown to him!
“Ahahahaha!”
Saint Ad, watching Kalamaruyu’s reaction, laughed lightly, and sat back down on the reception chair with a thud.
“Well then, let’s have that ‘constructive talk’ now.”
She said that.
“…Ahem, but I told you, right? This town doesn’t need a barrier.”
Kalamaruyu, clearing his throat and putting on a sullen expression again, glared at Saint Ad suspiciously.
The First family doesn’t have the luxury of buying something they don’t need.
“…It’s true that I’m also confident in my wide-area protection barrier… I can confidently say that I can protect a small country by myself. I am a first-rank saint, after all.”
Saint Ad laughed, her gaze distant for some reason.
Not her previous polite smile, nor her vulgar grin—she exhaled, as if mocking herself.
“But that’s not what I’m proposing this time!”
But she immediately replaced that self-mockery with a confident, smug grin!
“What is it… this proposal of yours?”
Kalamaruyu, who had been completely drawn into the conversation before he knew it, prompted her to continue, with his arms crossed.
In response, Saint Ad took out two cards from her breast pocket.
One of them was issued by the Holy Maiden Consortium.
It says, ‘First-Class, First-Rank Saint, Ad Bahns’.
It’s proof that this woman, Ad Bahns, is an extremely skilled barrier user.
And the other card—
Kalamaruyu, seeing it, was surprised and involuntarily exclaimed!
“Wha…!?”
It was an adventurer’s card, issued by the Adventurer’s Guild.
The words written there are… ‘First-Rank Adventurer, Ad Bahns’!
In other words, this woman, Ad Bahns!
While being a first-rank saint… she’s also a top-class adventurer!
“Do you understand? Unlike those weak, ordinary saints who just maintain barriers in a safe place, like a town… I’m a ‘Fighting Saint’, who always goes out to face any enemy… That’s my nicknameーーー!!”
Saint Ad, with Kalamaruyu frozen in surprise before her, crossed her legs, leaned back, and laughed loudly!
“Wait, wait, wait, wait… So, is your proposal… perhaps—“
“Yes!”
Saint Ad, seeing that Kalamaruyu had figured out what she was getting at, put on a polite, business smile again, and said!
“Viscount First… Would you consider hiring me, Ad Bahns… as a bodyguard?”
“…………”
A silence fell between them.
The candle flame illuminating the room flickered, and their shadows swayed.
“That offer… at a time like this, huh?”
Kalamaruyu, exhaling deeply, spoke, as if squeezing the words out.
“So… you saw the commotion earlier today, then?”
He’s completely sober now.
“Yes, by chance. From the storefront of a shop I stopped by on my journey.”
Saint Ad, still wearing her business smile, casually brushed her hair aside.
“And excuse me for this, but I’ve investigated the situation you’re in, what you’re trying to do, and the state of this town as much as possible. So, I apologize again for visiting you so late at night, but…”
And she continued, speaking fluently—
“You need a bodyguard… urgently, don’t you?”
After stating that, she looked straight into Kalamaruyu’s eyes.
“I… can’t back down. The First family has no time left to waste.”
“Yes.”
“Therefore, I have to do it. I have to start this Kodorokizo ore mining business.”
“I know.”
“And if I do that… I’ll definitely clash… with Shimegamamo.”
“I’m sure you will.”
“Can you—”
Here,
Kalamaruyu paused, swallowed, and looked at Saint Ad.
In a trembling voice, he asked.
“Can you… defeat Shimegamamo…?”
“Without a doubt.”
Saint Ad stated firmly.
“No… That won’t work, that won’t work. We don’t have the money. The First family doesn’t have enough money to hire a first-rank adventurer…”
“I didn’t trust the Adventurer’s Guild in this town, so I drafted a contract myself this time. Please have a look.”
But Saint Ad, seeing Kalamaruyu holding his head in his hands, took out a piece of paper from her pocket, and handed it to him.
Kalamaruyu, looking at it, his eyes widening in surprise, pushed his glasses up, and stared at the payment section!
And then he looked up abruptly and shouted!
“Hey, what’s with this payment!? It’s too low!?”
“Fufun.”
“That’s not ‘fufun’!? Why is it so low!? What’s your angle!?”
Saint Ad, exhaling a puff of smoke at Kalamaruyu, who was shouting incomprehensibly, put on a business smile, and said—
“There’s no angle. I can’t just ignore someone in need. It’s only natural as a human being, isn’t it?”
Those are truly saint-like, beautiful words.
“But she’s a dangerous woman who uses supernatural powers!”
“Yes.”
“You’re just a passerby, in the end!?”
“That’s right.”
“And yet… Why!? Why would you risk your life for such a small amount of money…!”
“Viscount.”
Here, Saint Ad leaned forward, her face close to Kalamaruyu’s.
And she put her long, slender right index finger on his lips, silencing him!
Now that she’s this close, Kalamaruyu, who has poor eyesight, can clearly see her beauty!
Her eyelashes are… long!
And her eyes are incredibly large!
If she was wearing a dress, she’d look like a princess from some country!
But she smells like cigarettes!
“Shut up, you’re so noisy. Don’t question my pride.”
And sometimes… she’s really foul-mouthed!
Kalamaruyu, stunned by Saint Ad’s husky voice and her intensity, could only stare.
Saint Ad, on the other hand, sat back down in the reception chair, took out a new cigarette, and started smoking.
And then, exhaling smoke, she looked at Kalamaruyu, and said—
“There’s no need to worry.”
She grinned.
“I always… side with those who want to move forward!”
She smiled!