大魔導’s history 2
* * *
Yes, poisoned! I was poisoned!
Kakaka… How careless of me. I’ve grown senile. Besides, a poison of that level, back in the day, would have only put me to bed for a bit. But my body was failing. I couldn’t endure it. I really don’t want to get old.
Hmm? You want to know who the culprit is? Kakaka… Emi-chan, you’re talking like a detective!
Of course, since I’m a genius, I perfectly figured out who the culprit is, and their motive!
…But the details are a secret.
No, no matter what you say, I won’t tell you. It’s not a phrase I like to use, as a researcher and educator…
But there are things in this world that are better left unknown.
Anyway, I was poisoned. ‘I’m going to die if this continues!’… Thinking that, I forced my trembling body to move, and headed to the laboratory. …The adjustments to the Magic Prosthetic Body were about eighty percent complete.
Transplant my soul, and switch bodies.
That was the only way to overcome this predicament.
And the result is as you can see! “The Great Mage” Majurog was able to transplant his soul from his frail, old body into a young, vibrant woman’s body!
But there were also some unexpected things. I said earlier that ‘the adjustments to the Magic Prosthetic Body were about eighty percent complete’. That means it wasn’t perfect.
Simply put, I couldn’t move properly. Right after I switched bodies. I couldn’t even speak. I could barely move my fingertips… or tremble. That’s all I could do.
So, what happened as a result?
“The Great Mage” Majurog was poisoned, connected to a mysterious device, and died. Beside him was an unidentified, suspicious woman, cowering and trembling.
So, well, it became ‘That suspicious woman killed Majurog!’
I, “The Great Mage” Majurog… was arrested for the crime of killing “The Great Mage” Majurog!
Kakaka… So quickly. Without giving me a chance to object. Well, even if I had a chance, I couldn’t speak properly at the time.
…Hmm, that’s right, Emi-chan. Behind this clumsy investigation, there’s definitely… the perpetrator’s intentions involved. There was a suspicious woman who was conveniently framed. He framed her without realizing her true identity. Well, that’s how it is!
Kakaka, but thanks to that, I’m still alive. If he had realized my true identity, he would have come to kill me while I was unable to resist. I was lucky in that respect.
The unfortunate thing is… that I was sent to this Great Prison of Delenezo as an Enemy of the Gods. Initially, I was imprisoned in the Somatoko prison. But then, one night…
…Ah, Emi-chan, do you believe in the existence of gods?
Hmm? Ah, yes, Emi-chan, you were also imprisoned in that cell. If you were also treated as an Enemy of the Gods, then you must have met a god, or their apostle.
As for me. I’ve lived a long life, and I had various… connections. So I knew that gods exist. I’ve met people calling themselves apostles of some god several times.
…I digressed again.
One night. A man, calling himself an apostle of a god, suddenly appeared before me, a beautiful woman trembling alone in the Somatoko cell.
That man said—
‘“The Great Mage” Majurog was a favorite of my god.’
‘I can’t forgive you for killing Majurog.’
And then that man threw a purple sphere at me! The projectile hit my lovely forehead and emitted a bright light!
And then, the next moment!
I was imprisoned… in this cell of the Great Prison of Delenezo.
Seriously.
Are they stupid?
It’s just absurd.
I thought I knew how foolish the gods of this world are. …Because I’ve lived a long life. But to actually become a victim of their blunders… you know?
…I can only sigh!
Well, it’s true that being imprisoned in this Great Prison, where outside interference is almost impossible, gave me time.
It’s been two years since I came here.
I’ve gotten used to controlling this new, beautiful body, and I’ve become much more proficient in Magic than I was in my previous body.
And after secretly gathering information from the guards’ conversations, my escape plan was finally complete… and that’s when—
That sludge appeared!
What the hell is that!?
That sludge first swallowed the ordinary prisoners, then the guards… and even the Prison God’s avatar, who rules this Great Prison of Delenezo!
The Prison God himself is probably safe… but he must have taken quite a bit of damage from the feedback!
Even if it’s just an avatar, that sludge killed a god too easily…
Simply put, it’s incredibly dangerous!
Anyway, I sensed that sludge’s presence, and its rampage, with my Magic, and thought, ‘This is bad.’
So, taking advantage of the guards’ absence, I disabled the cell’s security system with my magic, and escaped. And then I fled to this control room.
And then, while making preparations to escape from this Great Prison, I saw Emi-chan, running away from the sludge, on the security camera footage… and guided her here.
…So, well, that’s how it is.
I apologize for talking so much about myself.
Anyway, that’s why “The Great Mage” Majurog is alive in the Great Prison of Delenezo, in a woman’s body.
Unfortunately, I can’t prove that I’m the real Majurog.
…Now, do you have any other questions?
Raise your hand before asking.
I’ll answer as much as I can!