【Beautiful Girl Detective Akashiterika!】The Superbad Treasure Theft Case 7
* * *
“…Alright, let’s organize the mysteries surrounding this ‘Superbad Treasure theft case’… and the information we’ve gathered so far.”
Akashiterika, starting to pace around the treasure vault, her shoes making clicking sounds, started muttering, almost as if talking to herself.
“The mystery… is ‘who is the culprit?’”
“Yes, that’s right, ‘who is the culprit?’… That’s the biggest mystery.”
Akashiterika, without turning to look at Emi, who tilted her head and chimed in, continued to think as she paced.
“First, we should focus on the fact that the security system of this treasure vault was deactivated when the incident was discovered… Director, is there anyone else besides you who knows how to deactivate it?”
“M-My deputy director, Gaisha. I entrusted him with the management of this treasure vault while I was away. I happened to return this morning… so he should have been checking this treasure vault every night… until yesterday.”
Akashiterika stopped in her tracks, and turned around, a surprised look on her face, at Director Rakigataa’s answer.
“Oh my, so, Director… you were involved in this incident on the very day you returned from your trip abroad, after several months?”
“Yes, that’s right, Akashiterika-sama… Gufufu, it was a very fruitful trip! Especially that talent I met in Teenidys… She was amazing… sublimating the abominable black into beauty… I felt conviction in her brushstrokes! And for some reason, a faint sense of sorrow! Her ‘Friend’ series, although rough around the edges, each and every one of them…”
Director Rakigataa started talking passionately, remembering the pink-haired girl he met on the Golden Continent.
But then, realizing that he had digressed from the main topic—
“Ah, but anyway, Akashiterika-sama, Gaisha isn’t the type of person to steal anything. He…”
He hurriedly started defending his subordinate.
“…Please calm down, Director. I’m just organizing the information now. Even if it’s not the deputy director, if someone has knowledge of magic technology, it’s not impossible for them to disable the security system of the treasure vault… At this stage, we don’t even know if it was an inside job or an outside job. I’m not saying anyone is the culprit…”
Akashiterika said that to Director Rakigataa, smiling gently.
“But the fact that he was checking it every night is important information. If that’s true, then the crime must have been committed between last night’s check and this morning’s discovery.”
“…………”
Akashiterika started organizing her thoughts again, pacing around.
As for Emi, hearing Akashiterika’s words, she looked down, thinking about something.
“By the way, the staff members who were in the museum when the incident was discovered are still here, right?”
“Yes. I happened to be here. I used my authority as director to have them all wait in the staff room.”
“Then, I’ll talk to Deputy Director Gaisha and the other staff members later.”
Akashiterika, taking out a notebook from her breast pocket, and jotting down what she should do next, looked up and said—
“Now then… the next mystery.”
“The next mystery?”
Emi tilted her head again, chiming in.
“Yes, that is… ‘Why did the culprit steal the treasures?’”
“That’s easy. To sell them for money.”
Emi immediately answered Akashiterika’s question.
But Akashiterika shook her head.
“Certainly, she could sell the treasures for money. But they’re the Superbad Treasures. It would be difficult to sell items that are practically national treasures.”
“Well, that’s true. Unless she does it very carefully, she’ll definitely be caught if she tries to sell them.”
Director Rakigataa also agreed with Akashiterika’s statement.
He’s confident in the competence of this country’s police force.
…Although there are some exceptions.
“Furthermore, the treasures were protected by a tight security system. If it was for monetary gain, there should be items that are easier to steal and sell. But the culprit specifically targeted the treasures. The reason is…”
Akashiterika, her arms crossed, her eyebrows furrowed, made a bitter expression.
And she stopped pacing, closed her eyes, groaned, and started thinking.
Once she’s like this, she won’t respond, even if you talk to her.
Emi and Director Rakigataa, knowing that, waited silently for her to start moving again.
And then, after a few dozen seconds.
“…Alright, I got it!”
Akashiterika suddenly opened her eyes, and clearly!
“I don’t understand anything!”
She threw up the white flag!
Emi and Director Rakigataa, who had been expecting her to solve the case, slumped their shoulders, but Akashiterika, not minding their reactions, started walking out of the treasure vault.
“I still don’t have enough information. Next, I’d like to talk to the staff members who were in the museum when the incident was discovered. Director! Please lead the way.”
“Yes! Right away!”
Director Rakigataa, following Akashiterika’s request, hurriedly started running.
“…………”
Emi, silently, followed the two of them.
【‘Friend’ series】
The person who inspired the series is probably in this very room.
No one, including the person herself, has realized that fact.