But the Name Doesn’t Match the Being?
* * *
“Ooh…”
I was inadvertently transfixed by the sight before me. This was the 13th clearing within the forest that I had visited, leaping to scout promising areas using 【Grasshopper】.
Finally, I had succeeded in finding the Cysh Grass I was searching for.
…And in massive quantities too.
<Beautiful…>
Extra-sama couldn’t help but murmur that.
The clearing was blanketed with Cysh Grass covering the entire area.
Stalks as tall as my height were growing all over the place.
Their light blue leaves glistened as they bathed in the sunlight filtering through the overcast sky.
Against the blackish backdrop of the Kaise trees, that radiance appeared all the more dazzling.
<With this, we’ve cleared that receptionist’s ‘task’, Emi!>
That’s right, Extra-sama.
Since we’re short on time too, let’s quickly harvest some stalks and return to Yoshanka!
I set down the backpack I was carrying and approached the nearby Cysh Grass.
But then, at that moment –
“Piiiii!!!”
The next instant after hearing that high-pitched cry, I took an impact to my abdomen and was sent flying.
The force was so tremendous that the Kaise trees I crashed into further ahead were snapped apart.
<A-Are you okay!? Emi!!>
Yeah, no problem at all, probably.
With 【Body Strengthening】 constantly active, and my body’s toughness enhanced by magic conversion, I won’t get injured from just that much.
I immediately got up and glared at the enemy that had struck me.
Standing there was…a rabbit.
No, I wonder if it was actually a rabbit…?
At the very least, its face was a rabbit’s.
A small rabbit’s face perched atop a massive body exceeding 2 meters in height, covered in white fur.
That was the culprit who had attacked me.
It seemed to have been hiding in the Cysh Grass thicket, then kicked me flying with one of its thick legs when I approached.
No, wait, more than confirming the situation, what was more pressing was…that, well…
What? What is that creature?
<That’s…a Lovely Bunny! A dangerous monster with a sturdily built body! I saw it in The Adventure God’s Isekai Broadcast!>
Bunny…no, wait, bunny? I see, a bunny…yeah, I guess that is a rabbit… Actually, Lovely? What’s so lovely about it?
<Look closely at the area around its forehead! You can see a red flower pattern, right? That pattern was considered cute among nobles, leading it to be named the Lovely Bunny!>
No, isn’t that missing the point we should be focusing on?
Shouldn’t we be more concerned about that muscular physique instead?
<Certainly, many adventurers who took on its extermination thinking it was just a ‘lovely’ creature ended up being the ones defeated, unable to react to its true ferocity.>
Just change its name already! Call it the Danger Bunny or Massive Bunny or something!
<By the way, that flower pattern on the forehead isn’t a natural marking at all! It’s a war paint design they create using the blood of prey offered as sacrifices!>
Even the only ‘lovely’ aspect turns out to not be so lovely after all!!
“Piiiiiii!!!”
The Lovely Bunny cried out its high-pitched call again.
Then, standing up on its haunches, another 4 Lovely Bunnies emerged from the Cysh Grass thicket.
<Be careful, Emi! Lovely Bunnies are carnivorous rabbits that hunt in groups! Naturally, humans are among their prey…you mustn’t underestimate them just because they’re rabbits!>
Well, if there were any humans who could underestimate those things as just regular rabbits, I’d question their perception!
Actually, I’m more surprised that I didn’t find the term “carnivorous rabbit” all that jarring myself!
I really have become fully accustomed to this other world, haven’t I?
“Piii!!!”
The individual who first appeared, that one is likely the leader.
With the Lovely Bunny leader letting out a shrill cry, the other 4 formed a encircling formation around me.
Their imposing, muscular bodies blocked my path like a wall of muscle!
“Pii!!”
“Guh!?”
Suddenly, I felt an impact from behind!
One of them must have circled around and struck me from the rear.
My light body was easily sent airborne, unable to resist.
I could think of countermeasures like anchoring my feet with 【Adhesion】 or converting the impact force, but against a blindsided attack, I couldn’t react in time!
“Pii!!”
“Gah!!”
Where I was sent flying, another Lovely Bunny was waiting!
It mercilessly struck me again, blasting me in a different direction.
And beyond that, yet another Lovely Bunny awaited…!
Before I knew it, I was like a ball being rallied back and forth by the Lovely Bunnies arranged in a circular formation.
Wh-What is this!?
<This is the “Muscle Pentagram of Death”!! By continuously batting their prey in a star pattern, they leave no openings for counterattack before killing them! It’s the Lovely Bunnies’ signature group technique!!>
Who came up with that ridiculous technique name!?
They definitely just made it up as a joke, right!?
As I spun through the air, I observed the Lovely Bunnies’ behavior.
Every single one of them was snickering in an infuriatingly smug way.
Trembling with delight at tormenting their prey, savoring the anticipation of the meal to come.
It pissed me off.
…Don’t screw around, is what I’m saying.
You lot don’t understand a damn thing.
You may seem to have some level of intelligence, but you’re just wild beasts in the end, aren’t you?
You’re trying to kill me to eat me, right?
So what’s with those smug grins? It’s pissing me off.
This is about taking lives, you know. It’s not a game.
You should be fighting me more desperately. To survive.
Instead, what’s with those half-assed moves?
It’s pissing me off. Really pissing me off.
I’m getting annoyed.
That’s why you can’t even realize it.
From that initial surprise attack until now,
Your attacks haven’t been effective against me at all.
I glared at the Lovely Bunny standing in the direction I would be struck next.
Activating 【Intimidation】.
“Pii!?”
Overwhelmed by the potent killing intent emanating from what should have been helpless prey, the Lovely Bunny involuntarily flinched and froze up.
This is getting us nowhere.
As I was batted through the air, I readied my stance, extending my right arm straight out and enveloping it in magic power.
With this, my right hand became a lethal blade capable of rending even rock.
Activating 【Mantis】.
I then thrust that blade-hand deep into the chest of the Lovely Bunny in my flight path.
“Piiiiiiiii!!?”
Coughing up blood from its mouth, the Lovely Bunny let out a death cry.
The other 4 seemed stunned by the sudden turn of events.
That opening was fatal.
I kicked off the Lovely Bunny I had just killed, propelling myself towards the next one.
It too had failed to react in time.
This time, I impaled its throat to kill it.
Continuing like that, I slayed the Lovely Bunnies one by one, tracing a star pattern in the opposite direction from before.
It probably didn’t even take 5 seconds.
The final one tried to flee with its back turned, but it was too late.
I pierced its heart from behind. And that was that.
“…Weak.”
The word slipped out involuntarily.
<Well, while this is the demon realm, we’re still just in the outer regions. Monsters that could threaten Emi likely won’t appear around here.>
For now, at least.
I won.
I survived, while the Lovely Bunnies became mere meat.
Guuuu.
My stomach growled.
…Time to dig in.
After tearing off the limbs into bite-sized portions, I dug into the bloody flesh ravenously.
Since entering this forest, all I had eaten were just 6 snakes around 1 meter long.
Still not nearly enough.
I gorged mindlessly on the meat.