(White-rimmed) Impatience 11:44
* * *
“…… Therefore. The concept of compliance is not something that we assassins should ignore either. Hahaha, of course, since illegal work is our mission, we can’t apply it to everything. That’s why I think. ‘Can’t we become the standard?'”
“Uh-huh, hmm, I see.”
Leading Ambitious, who was walking through the back alley while moving his hands busily and speaking about his vision as if in a trance, Knife Hand was giving appropriate responses.
She originally didn’t get along very well with this Ambitious.
When she hears difficult words, she gets irritated and feels like killing him.
That’s why she left the headquarters and was assigned to Ashgo.
(Well, it’s fine. It’s just temporary patience.)
Since she’s leading, Ambitious can’t see her expression.
So Knife Hand suppressed a yawn and continued guiding Ambitious with a frown on her face.
“Alright, we’re here…… or so.”
Now, after walking through maze-like back alleys for a while, they arrived at a deserted abandoned church.
There are holes in the walls, and grass is growing from the roof.
There’s absolutely no sense of human habitation.
“Hmm, is this the place?”
“Yes, sir. This is the current base…… ‘Ah, the rain was terrible.'”
Knife Hand muttered something strange while holding the bag of bread and entered the tattered door of the abandoned church.
Today’s weather is sunny.
Therefore, that’s some kind of code.
“…………”
Hearing that code, Ambitious frowned for a moment but immediately put on his usual smile to cover it up.
He didn’t like that code.
Because he didn’t know such a code.
In other words, it’s something the assassins dispatched to this area had independently established.
(Diversification and complexification of standards within the same organization…… Resulting miscommunication and internal strife…… Should this be corrected or not…… It’s an issue that needs to be considered eventually, I suppose.)
Ambitious, who had briefly stopped to ponder the future image of the organization, but Knife Hand didn’t pay any attention to him and kept moving forward.
Ambitious shook his head to stop his thoughts and hurriedly followed Knife Hand.
* * *
Ambitious was impatient.
Although he exuded an atmosphere of a competent businessman with plenty of composure, he was actually very impatient.
Because right now, the headquarters of the “Purple Dual Rings” is in a state of collapse due to the failure of a certain assassination request.
His handpicked subordinates have all died.
An urgent reorganization of the organization is necessary.
However, despite that.
It took a very long time for him to reach this place, which can be called the second base of the organization, from the headquarters.
One of the reasons is the trauma that Ambitious himself has acquired.
Dark Spiky Rock Man.
An irrational monster.
Bushes, shadows of rocks, or…… a garbage dump.
Not always, but.
Whenever he finds a place where people can hide even a little, Ambitious…… is struck by tremendous fear.
The fear that “Could the Dark Spiky Rock Man be lurking there?”!
And the memory of that winter day when his relied-upon pawns were mercilessly slaughtered flashes back.
Once that happens, he can’t stop trembling and becomes unable to act properly.
Even in such a state, if he uses his trump card ability 【Battle Beast Transformation】 to boost his fighting spirit, he can forcefully move his body.
However, this ability is physically exhausting.
Once used, he becomes unable to move for one or two weeks.
Therefore, using this ability makes the total movement speed slower.
Rather, he accidentally transformed into a werewolf form several times along the way, which significantly delayed his arrival at the royal capital of the Ashgo Kingdom.
And the second reason is the current situation in the Ashgo Kingdom.
This country had a large-scale political change a while ago due to the intervention of demons.
Although they seem to be hiding information to some extent from the citizens, for residents of the underworld like Ambitious, that concealment is sloppy.
With a little investigation, information can be gathered quickly.
Anyway, because the political situation is unstable, the guards in this country are currently very wary.
Ambitious is originally an assassin.
Inevitably, he’s a wanted man.
It’s frustratingly difficult to move around.
Finally, the third reason is the location of this base where he has now arrived.
The base within the Ashgo Kingdom was originally in a different place.
It had been changed without permission.
Even Ambitious was very perplexed by this.
Perhaps the political change mentioned earlier also had an influence, and there was a reason why the location had to be changed…… Anyway, because of that, Ambitious was unable to contact the “Purple Dual Rings” members for a while even after arriving in the royal capital.
Searching, searching, searching…… The one he finally found was Knife Hand.
Anyway.
In order to rebuild the organization, it is necessary to urgently bring the assassins at this second base in Ashgo under his command.
However, due to the three reasons mentioned above, that has been considerably delayed.
Therefore, Ambitious was impatient.
So, he made a fatal mistake.
A mistake that the previous him would never have made.
…… He shouldn’t have had time to worry about the future management of the organization.
He should have thought.
He should have been cautious.
“Ah, the rain was terrible.”
About the meaning of…… this code.