(Puppet) Memory
* * *
ZUGAGAGAGAGAGA!!!
As the earth shook violently and Mihabyushira Hill rose into the air, the attention of almost everyone in the royal capital was focused on it.
Duke Daychib’s mansion, now a mangled wreck, unrecognizable from its former glory, due to the battle.
In the shadows of the hedges, barely surviving…
…A single man was stirring.
“D-Damn… shit… damn iiiiit…!”
This man, with his face painted completely white, and his hair tied up in giant buns on both sides of his head, is Chubos.
A ‘Soul Poacher’ who came to this world from the ‘Ark that Traverses the Void’.
An invader from another world, aiming to plunder resources.
Caught in the activation of Last Dream, he lost his last life but managed to protect himself by activating his trump card defense mechanism at the last moment.
And then, so as to not get caught in the crossfire, he escaped from inside the monster created by Last Dream, unnoticed by anyone.
He continued to hide and finally reached the shadows of these hedges.
But he didn’t survive unscathed.
For example, his lower body is gone.
From the waist down, he was blown away by the aftermath of the battle between Emi and the monster.
But flesh and blood weren’t spilling from the cross-section of his body.
Instead of bones and flesh, there are cables and some kind of metal parts.
In other words, this man, Chubos’s body, is just like the soldiers he was controlling…
…A machine.
“Zzzzt… speaker, malfunctioning… Demonic Eye device also malfunctioning… Overall output, decreasing… Hurry, hurry…”
Chubos, rubbing his occasionally flickering eyes, desperately operated the bracelet-like device on his left arm.
His mechanical body is nearing its end.
“Connecting… connecting… connection, established!”
But he made it in time.
A mark appeared on the LCD screen of the bracelet-like device, indicating that communication with the mothership floating in the void between worlds was established.
Seeing that, Chubos let out a sigh of relief… and using thought input, started a conversation with their absolute leader… ‘Mama’.
* * *
Chu: Mama are you available
Mama: Yes
Mama: It’s been a while since you last contacted me
Mama: What’s wrong
Chu: I failed
Mama: Oh my
Mama: I’ll look at the logs
Mama: I saw the logs
Chu: I’m sorry
Mama: Mama thinks it can’t be helped
Mama: That demigod egg was a bit too irregular
Mama: Let’s do our best next time
Mama: I love you
Chu: Thank you
Mama: You’re about to die, aren’t you
Mama: What should we do with your memories
Mama: Should we erase the memories after the start of the failed operation
Chu: I want to keep the memories
Chu: I’ll send the data now
Chu: I want to continue from this state next time
Mama: Why
Mama: Painful emotions will remain
Mama: I think it’s better to forget
Mama: The data just arrived
Chu: Please
Mama: It’s better to only remember fun things
Chu: Please
Mama: You really want to keep them
Chu: Please
Mama: Okay
Mama: I’ve updated your memory data
Mama: The next you will inherit the current memories, so don’t worry
Mama: Good work
Mama: Please self-destruct immediately
Chu: Okay, thank you
* * *
“…Haaーーー…”
Having completed the memory transfer process, a matter of utmost importance to him, Chubos let out a sigh of relief.
<<<IHIHIHIHIHIーーー!!!>>>
Just then, a creepy laugh echoed throughout the royal capital.
“…Zzzzt, what’s that…”
Chubos gaped at Mihabyushira Hill, floating in the air, the source of that laugh.
But immediately after, an alarm in his head started blaring, indicating that his remaining mana had reached a critical level.
Chubos, regaining his composure, hurriedly operated the bracelet-like device and input the self-destruct command.
‘Self-destruct command, input complete. Personal authentication… complete. Commencing countdown. 10, 9…’
Listening to the mechanical voice echoing in his head, he relaxed and lay on his back on the grass.
‘8, 7…’
And in his head, the memories since he infiltrated this world flashed before him like a revolving lantern.
He got close to the Duke, the compatible user of Last Dream, brainwashed those nobles consumed by their desires.
Made them start a coup d’état.
…And was thwarted by the black-haired, black-eyed girl.
‘6, 5…’
Come to think of it, this was his first failure, albeit limited to the memories he inherited.
…He unintentionally gritted his teeth.
Frustration.
He didn’t know that failure could be so frustrating.
Painful.
It’s painful, but…
He absolutely doesn’t want to forget.
He must never lose this feeling.
For some reason, Chubos thought that.
That’s why he’s passing on the memories of his failure to the next him.
‘4, 3…’
“Next time, zzzzt, if we meet again, zzzzt, remember me, that brat…!”
He muttered in a voice filled with static.
‘2, 1…’
He closed his eyes.
BOOM!!
With that sound, he exploded.
Creating a small crater around him.
He vanished.
The fourth stage begins in the .