The Meeting of Evil and Evil
* * *
Plip.
Plip.
Plip.
When Megzam vaguely regained consciousness, the first thing he recognized was the sound of water dripping.
“Ugh…”
Letting out an involuntary groan of pain from his whole body, Megzam slightly opened his eyes and somehow managed to sit up.
Then, what jumped into his field of vision… was.
“Oh, oh, oh, Boss! You’ve woken up, haven’t you!?”
While shouting that, spitting saliva, tears, and snot everywhere, and crying, the face of his long-faced underling Ander came flying at Megzam!
“…Hmph!”
“Agh!?”
First of all, Megzam, who disliked getting snot on his body, punched Ander flying with all his might to protect himself, then stood up and rotated his arms, legs, and waist to check the condition of his body.
It moved without any problems.
Although his whole body was covered in wounds, he didn’t seem to have any broken bones.
“Now then… where is this place…?”
And the next thing Megzam did after confirming his body was to check his surroundings.
Looking around, what was scattered everywhere were rubble, rubble, and more rubble.
The magic lamps embedded in the walls were flickering and dimly illuminating them.
He could also see water droplets dripping from several cracks in the ceiling, perhaps because groundwater was seeping out.
“This place is probably deeper underground in the ruins. We got caught up in the collapse of the ruins caused by that Ibrabarleg’s rampage and fell all the way down here.”
“…I see.”
Megzam gave an appropriate response to the underling explaining the situation while dripping nosebleed.
Then, he placed his hand on a large piece of rubble lying next to where he had been sleeping.
If this had fallen on top of him, his life would have been over.
As usual, he was lucky.
Megzam grinned, raising the corner of his mouth.
“In that case, Ander. You, go quickly and find an exit.”
“Huh!? That’s impossible! Rubble is piled up everywhere, there’s no exit! We’re trapped…!”
Ander objected to Megzam’s order while dropping his shoulders.
He had defied Megzam, his boss!
This was unforgivable!
“Hmph!”
“Agh!?”
That’s why Megzam punched Ander again and raised his angry voice!
“You fool! We were lucky enough to survive! That means we still have luck left, right!? Don’t complain and quickly find an exit, you idiot!!”
“Y-Yes…!”
Frightened by Megzam’s shouting, Ander hurriedly ran off to the other side of the rubble.
Now, conserving physical strength was the key.
They had to find an exit to the surface with as little effort as possible and escape.
Therefore, Megzam sat down on the spot and reached out to the dried meat hidden in his pocket to replenish his nutrients… but, at this point.
“Ah! Aaaaah! B-Boss!”
Ander’s scream, who seemed to have already discovered something, could be heard from the other side of the rubble.
“Tch.”
Feeling irritated at the wasted action of standing up immediately after sitting down and consuming strength, Megzam still walked heavily toward the direction of the voice.
And there, what was there was.
A long, eerie sword with a blade that shone red like blood.
The magic sword “Soul Devourer” that Ibrabarleg should have been wielding was lying on the floor along with the rubble.
“Look! Look at this, Boss! This is the “Soul-something” that Ibrabarleg was using! If it’s here, that bastard must have croaked! Hehe, he got what he deserved for killing Tappa! Serves him right, agh!?”
Megzam once again punched Ander, who was excitedly rambling while pointing at the magic sword.
“Hey, you! Didn’t I tell you to “find an exit”!? Finding this stick now doesn’t help us at all! Wasting my strength, I’ll kill you!!”
And while shouting that, Megzam picked up “Soul Devourer” and raised it high to threaten Ander.
Then, at that moment!
<Ihihi! Ihihihihi! Good, kill him! Go ahead and kill him!>
A high-pitched, ear-grating male voice resounded in Megzam’s head!
“Huh!?”
Surprised by the sudden occurrence, Megzam looked around to find the source of the voice.
However, the only ones present were himself and Ander lying on the floor.
<Ihihihihi! No, no! I am the sword! The magic sword “Soul Devourer” that you’re holding!>
“What did you say!?”
Even Megzam was surprised by this confession and stared at “Soul Devourer” with wide eyes.
<Oh, I’m saved thanks to you being here! Even though I finally woke up, I might have ended up being buried under the ground forever if things had gone wrong! Ihihi, I was starting to get really scared!>
“………”
Megzam went silent while fiddling with his shaggy beard to understand and take in the sudden situation.
And then.
“Hey, you.”
<Ihihi?>
He spoke to the magic sword.
“You said ‘I’m saved thanks to you being here,’ right? In other words, if I use you, there’s a chance we can escape from here. Is that what you mean?”
<Ooooh!? Ihihi, you’re quick to understand despite your appearance!? Ihihi, that’s exactly right! I know a way to get out of here! After all, this is the secret base that I had those idiots create! I’ve prepared escape routes in case of situations like this and I remember the routes perfectly!>
“But you don’t have feet. That’s why you need me.”
<Ihihihihi! That’s right, that’s right, exactly! Oh!? You’re actually quite smart, aren’t you? I’m starting to like you!?>
“Shut up. Don’t say unnecessary things. Hurry up and tell me about that escape route.”
Megzam muttered, talking to the magic sword.
Ander was blankly staring at that sight.
<Sure, sure, I’ll tell you! But there’s a condition!>
“What did you say?”
<I don’t intend to ask for anything unreasonable! But you see, I’m out of gas right now!>
“Out of gas…?”
Megzam tilted his head at the unfamiliar term.
However, without even paying attention to his behavior, “Soul Devourer” continued talking.
<In other words, because I went too wild earlier, I have almost no energy left! Even though I killed a bunch before falling asleep using my puppets, their souls are completely gone! That’s why…>
Hearing the story up to this point and recalling Ibrabarleg’s actions from earlier.
Megzam was able to quickly understand what this magic sword was seeking.
Therefore.
“Here.”
“Huh!?”
Without a second thought, using the magic sword “Soul Devourer”.
He stabbed the chest of his underling Ander, who was staring at him with a dazed face.
“Is this good enough?”
<Good, good, you’re really good! Yeah, yeah, yeah, that’s good! I’ll take one soul!!>
Then, the next moment!
The blade of “Soul Devourer” flickered strangely for a moment, and the stabbed Ander… started screaming tremendously!
“AH, GYA, WHA, GYAAAAAH!?”
Ander cried out in pain without understanding the reason!
But, however, Megzam paid no attention to his underling’s state at all!
“Ooooh…!? Ooooooh!?”
Twisting his mouth widely and drooling… yes, he let out a voice of ecstasy!
<Ihihihihi! How is it, the feeling of power flowing into your body? It feels good, right!? This is the taste of a soul!>
“This is the taste of a soul…!”
<You want to eat more, more, right!?>
“I want to eat… I want to eat more souls…!”
“AAAAH, aah, agaaa…!”
…After a while, Ander’s screams could no longer be heard at all.
Noticing this, when Megzam looked at the tip of the blade, what was there was something dried up and blackened.
“Hmph.”
Megzam swung “Soul Devourer” with a whoosh and shook off that something.
It shattered against the rubble and disappeared into dust.
<Now then, partner!>
Before he could feel any sentiments about that sight, the high-pitched voice of “Soul Devourer” resounded in Megzam’s brain.
At this time, “Soul Devourer” called Megzam “partner”.
Megzam felt no discomfort with that fact.
Megzam and “Soul Devourer” were partners.
Megzam had to feed “Soul Devourer” more and more souls.
That was a given.
<It’s a promise! As thanks for feeding me a delicious soul, I’ll guide you to the escape route to the surface from now on! Even if it’s a bit buried in rubble, it doesn’t matter to you now!>
“Yeah… that’s right.”
While saying that, Megzam picked up a piece of rubble lying around, lightly applied force as a test, and squeezed it.
Then, that rubble, which should have been a hard piece of stone, crumbled as if it were a lump of sand!
“Power is… surging.”
<That’s right, that’s right, it’s amazing, right!? But this isn’t the end! Partner, the more you kill, the stronger you’ll become! And there’s no limit to it! You can surpass humans! That’s the function of this masterpiece, the magic sword “Soul Devourer”, which is one of my final works!!>
“………”
At this point.
Megzam suddenly felt doubts about the way “Soul Devourer” was saying things.
“‘Soul Devourer’ is the masterpiece? You’re not ‘Soul Devourer’? Who are you?”
<…Ihihi, I’ve said too much! …Well, it’s fine!>
“Soul Devourer” made a sound like snorting through its nose in Megzam’s brain, then continued talking in an arrogant voice.
<Partner! I really like you! So, I’ll tell you my real name as a special favor!>
“Real name.”
<Yes, my real name! However, I am too great and have many titles! For example, “The Great Inventor of the Century”! For example, “The Discoverer of the Divine Realm”! But now, in this place, let me introduce myself like this!>
To Megzam, who was waiting while fiddling with his beard, “Soul Devourer” finally told its true name after making a big deal out of it!
<My name is “Great Evil Spirit Engee Albitt”! One of the calamities of this world who is “the weakest in history”… but also “the only one who has escaped from the gods”!>
The calamity of this world!
Upon hearing those words, Megzam’s hand that was fiddling with his beard stopped, and his eyes widened in shock!
But, however!
“…Sorry, but I don’t know of any calamity called ‘Great Evil Spirit’.”
Yes, Megzam didn’t know.
However, this didn’t indicate his lack of education.
Like the Black Dragon and Odokato se Kenu, the names of powerful beings known as calamities were widely known throughout the world.
But “Great Evil Spirit Engee Albitt” was different.
Why?
<Ihihi… of course! I’ve been constantly running and hiding while repeating reincarnation. It’s understandable that my fame is low! I think I should have at least become a fairytale though?>
“…I don’t really get it, but that’s probably not something you can proudly say, right?”
<Ihihihihi! It can’t be helped, right? I was originally just a technician! …But sneaking around is also coming to an end!>
…Perhaps expressing Engee’s excitement.
The red blade of the magic sword “Soul Devourer” glowed ominously.
<Listen well, partner! After escaping from this secret base, head straight west!>
“West, you say?”
<That’s right! There’s also a weapon I made sleeping there! The gods probably mistook it for just a broken ancient weapon! But in fact, it’s an external device for this magic sword “Soul Devourer”!!>
“External device…?”
Unfamiliar terms popped up again, and Megzam twisted his neck.
<And after that, raid Sardisann! Retrieve my other masterpiece that was seized by that stupid evil god, and then, I will finally, finally, finally become the strongest!!>
“………”
While ignoring Engee’s screaming voice in his brain, Megzam reached a conclusion.
In other words, he decided on his future course of action.
“Well, anyway.”
He summarized the conversation when he saw that Engee’s screaming had subsided.
“I just need to head west, right?”
<Yes!>
“While killing a lot.”
<Yes, yes!>
“While devouring souls.”
<Yes, yes, yeeeees!>
“That sounds like, well…”
After saying that, Megzam put strength into “Soul Devourer” and swung it horizontally once.
A red light burst from the blade, and the rubble blocking the passage was blown away into pieces!
“A fun journey.”
And while grinning an evil smile, Megzam started advancing forward, forward through the underground passage that appeared.
“…Ihihi.”
While letting out an ominous laugh.
Arc 15 concludes with this chapter.
Although there were some gaps in between, for me, it was a posting pace that I had never achieved before.
I’ll praise myself for doing well even without a stockpile.
Arc 15 was one where various elements that appeared in the s reappeared, wasn’t it?
And in the end, a villain met a great evil spirit.
Oh, come to think of it, “The Reincarnated Extra” recently celebrated its 3rd anniversary.
Being able to continue like this is thanks to all of you reading this work.
Thank you always.
The first part is planned to have its final arc after the next one.
I would be happy if you continue to enjoy “The Reincarnated Extra” from now on.
Well then, let’s meet again in Arc 16.