【Tales of the Gods 11】 The Adventure God Dorantos
* * *
“Why do I have to delete the latest episode of my broadcast!?”
The Adventure God Dorantos, losing his cool in his anger, slammed his fist with all his might on the counter in front of him, his face turning bright red.
Bam!
The loud sound and his angry voice echoed throughout the room.
On this day, the place Adventure God Dorantos had left his divine realm and come to was the “Bureau for Managing Information Transmission to Other Worlds” located in the divine realm of Ardyst.
As the name suggests, it was an office-like place that scrutinized, censored, and if necessary, suspended the management of information transmitted to other worlds outside of Ardyst.
In other words, the 【Adventurer Mitran】 that Dorantos was currently broadcasting also had to go through censorship at this management bureau once before being broadcast to the gods of other worlds… and judging from his opening line, it seems the latest episode of his work was unfortunately prohibited from being released as a result of the censorship.
Now, Dorantos was currently sitting at the consultation window immediately inside the entrance of this management bureau.
If we were to give an example to make it easier for us to understand the interior structure of this room, it resembled a bank counter.
The room was divided in half by a long counter in the middle, with half being the management bureau’s office and the other half being a waiting area for visiting gods.
In front of the counter dividing the room in two, there were several round chairs where visiting gods whose names were called would consult with the administrative gods. Well, that was the kind of space this room was.
Which means, naturally, there was also a window set up next to Dorantos’ seat, and there, another god was consulting with an administrative god…
“…Ahem.”
If Dorantos made a scene, it would trouble the god next to him.
Fortunately, the large, plump god with 10 legs sitting next to Dorantos was a gentleman by nature, and he settled his complaint against Dorantos with a single strong clearing of his throat.
It was something to be grateful for and apologetic about.
Dorantos, who came to his senses in an instant, this time turned pale, bowed his head several times to those around him to apologize, and shrank with embarrassment.
“Now, have you calmed down, Dorantos-sama?”
“Ah, yes, sorry for raising my voice…”
The one who spoke to Dorantos in a flat voice as he shrank back was the administrative god sitting across the counter from him.
In our perception, she was a beautiful but expressionless goddess wearing something like a uniform for bank tellers.
She was expressionless, or rather, she originally didn’t have the function to move her facial expressions in the first place.
Even when speaking, strangely to Dorantos, she didn’t even move her mouth.
To explain what this means, she was originally a magic puppet.
Magic puppets were, to put it simply, helper robots that were widely used in the super-ancient magic civilization.
It was unpredictable how her life, or rather her puppet life, would turn out, as she, who shouldn’t have had a self in the first place, ended up ascending to the divine realm through twists and turns and a large-scale recruitment after the collapse of the super-ancient magic civilization.
…By the way, her name was Censorship God Helper Otetsu-Daisimasu-chan 57321-362.
“Then, if you don’t mind, may I explain the reason for the deletion?”
“Ah, yes, please…”
After confirming that the bearded old man Dorantos had become completely docile, Helper Otetsu-Daisimasu-chan 57321-362 took out a thick book from under the counter.
It was the “Ardyst Divine Law Collection.”
In this world, it was an essential book for gods that compiled the rules that those living in the divine realm should follow.
“Please look here.”
Helper Otetsu-Daisimasu-chan 57321-362 flipped through the thick divine law collection without hesitation and opened to a certain page.
“Ah…!”
Dorantos let out a voice unintentionally upon seeing the contents.
There was a table published there, summarizing several cases where the suspension of information transmission to other worlds would be carried out.
Among them, it was clearly stated:
“Works such as videos featuring humans with black hair and black eyes are prohibited from being released”!
(Ah, ah, it’s because of that girl…!)
The image of the mysterious cursed child that Mitran and the others encountered underground in the ruins crossed Dorantos’ mind as he held his head.
Originally, in Dorantos’ plan, this time Mitran’s ruin exploration was supposed to be done with just Mitran and Leseida as a duo.
Although Mitran’s abilities were somewhat unreliable, Dorantos had determined that if worst came to worst, he could forcibly trigger a limited “awakening” and push through to clear the ruins.
However, when they actually tried it, what was with that cursed child!?
That cursed child, whose existence couldn’t be detected at all in the “destiny confirmation” that Dorantos had requested from another god by paying a high amount of mana.
That thing suddenly popped up from underground in the ruins and ruined his plan.
Breaking the ruins’ mechanisms, snatching the boss from Mitran, it did whatever it wanted.
…But, even so, it was interesting.
It seemed Mitran’s heart had grown a little, despite his complaints.
Well, thinking it might be okay, when he tried to post it, this happened.
(Is that girl the reason for deletion…)
Come to think of it, indeed, there were no scenes at all featuring black-haired and black-eyed cursed children in the isekai reincarnation broadcasts originating from Ardyst that Dorantos had been watching until now.
Sighing deeply, Dorantos remembered that.
…The reason for that was also understandable.
It was because gods had the opportunity to learn… what exactly the mechanism called “cursed children” was.
In a sense, that was also the gods’ love for the people.
However, there were probably many gods from other worlds who couldn’t accept that.
After all, even Dorantos himself had doubts about this mechanism.
Therefore, they hid the “cursed children” from the outside.
It was to escape unnecessary criticism from other worlds.
…If they were going to hide it, they might as well stop it.
He couldn’t help but think that, but the creation god of this world was involved in the establishment of this mechanism, so a minor god like Dorantos couldn’t carelessly say anything about it.
Well, anyway.
The deletion of his latest episode this time would not be overturned.
That was how it was.
“If you delete all the scenes featuring the black-haired and black-eyed person and re-edit it, you can broadcast it, but…”
“…Hahaha, that’s quite impossible.”
Dorantos stood up, shaking his head wide and laughing weakly at Censorship God Helper Otetsu-Daisimasu-chan 57321-362, who told him that in her usual flat voice.
“Thank you for your time today…”
Saying that and bowing politely, Dorantos left the “Bureau for Managing Information Transmission to Other Worlds.”
* * *
“Haaah… I’m home…”
Now, the place Dorantos entered while dropping his shoulders was his divine realm modeled after an office.
He said “I’m home,” but no one was housesitting.
This was a habit from when he was human that he still couldn’t shake off even after nearly a thousand years.
Feeling completely exhausted, he searched the cupboard for tea confections to eat something sweet, but… there was nothing there.
The cupboard was empty.
Perhaps the Language Goddess had invaded his divine realm without permission again and looted the tea confections.
Geez, she was a troublesome neighbor.
Although she had the appearance of a little girl, she was usually a great senpai who helped Dorantos quite a bit in his work, so he couldn’t complain about this level of things.
Dorantos opened a hidden door he had made inside his desk, took out a piece of candy from there, popped it into his mouth, then sat down on the leather executive chair and relaxed all the muscles in his body.
“But, well, what should I do from now on…”
Entrusting his body to the chair and stretching his legs out loosely, Dorantos pondered.
The content of his worries was, of course, about the future development of 【Adventurer Mitran】.
“If Leiseida was just a one-time character this time, it would be fine to just pretend this adventure never happened, but…”
However, that wasn’t the case.
Looking at Mitran’s current “book of fate,” this Leiseida was greatly involved in Mitran’s future adventures.
More than being involved…
“Leiseida is… ‘now,’ in the heroine-like position of Mitran’s story…”
That’s right… Leiseida was actually the heroine.
Mitran and Leiseida would go on many adventures together in the future, narrowing their distance.
They were scheduled to become lovers.
Seriously.
There was about a 10-year age difference, but that level of difference wasn’t an issue in the span of love.
The love between a beautiful boy-like girl and a handsome woman-like man…
It was a combination that seemed quite interesting in terms of broadcasting.
Leiseida was also the real older sister of Kamasse, who had a connection to Mitran, so there were some episodes that could be filmed with that relationship.
By the way, originally, there was no such plan.
Mitran had another candidate for the heroine, a viscount’s daughter.
She had quite a tomboyish personality and had run away from home after a fight with her parents, becoming an adventurer while hiding her identity. One time, when she was surrounded by magical beasts, she was supposed to be saved by Mitran and fall in love with him at first sight.
However, due to Kamasse’s activities, Mitran’s departure was delayed considerably, so his encounter with her “never happened.”
The runaway girl wasn’t saved by Mitran and was attacked by a horde of magical beasts… but she somehow managed to get through that situation, reflected that she’d “had enough of adventuring,” returned home to apologize to her parents, and was now living an ordinary and happy life as a normal young lady.
…The story got sidetracked.
Anyway, the connection with Leiseida, the heroine, was made in this adventure.
And yet, the episode of their meeting, this adventure, couldn’t be broadcast as it was!
“Haaah…”
Dorantos let out another big sigh and ruffled his hair.
“And it was an adventure themed around that magic sword ‘Soul Devourer’…”
That was also one of the factors that made Dorantos feel it was a waste to shelve this adventure.
After all, the ‘Soul Devourer’ was a famous magic sword whose existence had already spread to the world in the form of fairy tales when Dorantos was still human.
He had heard that its former wielder was punished by a certain god’s apostle, but in fact, that magic sword had a transfer function built into it. The moment the wielder was defeated, it disappeared somewhere, and even the gods lost track of it.
The magic sword ‘Soul Devourer’ was going to appear!
That alone would have made it a broadcast worthy of considerable attention, even if limited to the gods of Ardyst, but…
“Really… what the heck is with that cursed child… Emi Rune, was it… Haaah…”
Dorantos, who had let out who knows how many sighs today, stared blankly at the ceiling.
That cursed child was truly a mystery.
The reason for her abnormal strength was also unknown.
For a moment, he thought she might be an apostle or a reincarnator of some god, but that was impossible.
Because Emi Rune had black hair and black eyes.
In this world, apostles of gods and reincarnators could never have black hair and black eyes.
Because cursed children were…
“…Hm?”
At this point, he realized a certain fact, belated as it was.
“Emi… ‘Rune’?”
It was the fact that the surname of the cursed child in question, Emi Rune, was the same as the current Adventurer’s Guild Commander… the demigod Lairine Rune.
“………”
Dorantos reached for the black telephone on his desk, trying to contact Lairine… but stopped.
That demigod was a troublesome woman.
Her personality was difficult to control, and despite still being a demigod, she was quite strong, so she was hard to handle.
Currently, Dorantos had the upper hand due to his thousand years’ worth of savings and had bound her actions with “requests,” but if she got upset, it would be quite a hassle.
She might start a mass slaughter on a whim again.
Even though her actions were bound, if she became desperate, she could still do such things.
If that happened, what would occur?
The birth of a new calamity.
Dorantos would be held responsible… and it would probably be quite tough for him.
He absolutely didn’t want to end up like the Magic God.
That’s why Dorantos, despite being in a position to learn quite a lot about Emi Rune if he investigated, didn’t do so.
He didn’t know what might trigger Lairine’s displeasure.
Then it was better not to contact her in the first place.
That’s what he thought.
Therefore, Dorantos sank even deeper into the soft executive chair and began to think about something else.
He began to think about how to develop 【Adventurer Mitran】 in the future.
The new information that “Emi-chan is a factor for deletion.”
This is the reason why Extra-sama, who has been neglected and only obtains information through isekai reincarnation broadcasts, doesn’t know the cause of discrimination against black-haired and black-eyed people.
By the way, I think Emi-chan has occasionally appeared in the gods’ broadcasts so far, but that could be handled to some extent through editing, so it didn’t become a problem.
Also, although Master originally had black hair and black eyes, he had grown old and his hair turned white, so he was made a character in the Death God’s broadcast.