The aerial fortress, ‘Soul Conqueror’, floating in the sky above the royal capital, gradually brightening.
Towards this ancient weapon of slaughter, awakened from its long slumber to fulfill a wicked will, a single girl was running like the wind, climbing the purple magical cables still connected to the ground.
Her name is Emi Rune.
She’s trying to destroy this giant flying steel jellyfish and bring it crashing down to the ground.
Not for justice, not for the people.
But to fulfill a promise.
For herself, through and through!
All she could hear, as she continued running at a tremendous speed, was the sound of the wind.
<Listen carefully, Emi, while you’re running.>
…And another sound, the advice from the ‘Vessel of a Nameless God’, Extra-sama, her mind roommate!
<If you want to bring that thing down, your target should obviously be the giant red sphere glowing at the bottom of the cone.>
Emi, hearing that, narrowed her eyes and glared at what was in front of her.
The red sphere that Extra-sama mentioned was still emitting a fiery glow, illuminating the cityscape of the royal capital in red.
Because it’s glowing, it’s very conspicuous, and since it’s the size of a house, it’s easy to see even from her current location, where she’s still some distance away.
<I’ll skip the complicated explanations. That’s the power source. Since they’re deliberately exposing it, it’s probably quite hard… but if you punch it, it’ll break.>
Receiving that straightforward and easy-to-understand advice, Emi nodded slightly while running.
What exactly is that steel jellyfish?
What’s the goal of that Great Evil Spirit or whatever, who’s controlling it?
There are many things she doesn’t understand.
But what she has to do is simple.
…Run to the red sphere and punch it to pieces!
That’s all Emi has to do!!
But even as Emi continued running smoothly, there was, of course, a cause for concern.
One of them was.
Grrrrrrrrrrrr… !
…Yes, Emi’s stomach growled loudly.
Her internal and external injuries had healed after consuming Last Dream.
But she’s currently being assaulted by a ferocious hunger, even though her expression doesn’t show it.
She’s in terrible condition.
But Emi runs.
Because she’s determined to bring that thing down.
<…At this point, I won’t tell you not to be reckless. The fact that you’re running with all your might… is already reckless.>
Extra-sama, hearing Emi’s stomach growl, sighed worriedly, but with a hint of resignation.
<So… let’s finish this quickly! I’m sure you’ll be fine, Emi!>
And she ended her words, encouraging Emi!
Receiving support from her most trusted partner, Emi nodded slightly, her eyes burning with fighting spirit, and gradually started to increase her running speed!
But, however.
Naturally, it wasn’t just Emi’s physical condition that was a problem.
Another cause for concern.
Is… the resistance from her target, ‘Soul Conqueror’!
Whir, whir, whir, whir, whir, whir…
Here, something other than the sound of the wind… began to reach Emi’s ears.
Looking around as she ran, she saw that something was being released from a hole that had opened in the lower part of ‘Soul Conqueror’.
Looking closely, that something was shaped like a spinning top, and as soon as they were released into the air, they unfolded propellers from their upper parts and began to fly.
The whirring sound was the sound of these flying tops’ propellers.
Yes, these flying tops, about the size of a human head, are the ‘ultra-compact fighter jets’ that Engee mentioned!
The flying tops, released to eliminate the external enemy under Engee and Megzam’s control, deployed rotating saws from their lower parts, and with an intimidating high-pitched whirring sound, formed ranks and charged towards Emi!
And that’s not the only threat.
Looking ahead, along the magical cables, it seemed that another enemy was also approaching Emi, and on the underside of ‘Soul Conqueror’, gun muzzles were appearing one after another with clanging sounds, aiming at her.
It seems this giant flying steel jellyfish is determined to crush the small girl, Emi, with all its might.
But, however.
So what!
Emi has been fighting and surviving all this time.
She survived the forest of her homeland, alone with Extra-sama.
She defeated the cult leader.
She defeated the White Serpent.
She defeated the Three-Eyed Poison Queen.
She defeated the giant monstrous bird.
She couldn’t defeat the legendary Black Dragon, but…
She defeated the Reincarnator, albeit before he awakened.
She scattered the Demon Lord’s army.
She defeated the Remnant of a God.
She defeated the Pale Pink Dragon and the horde of Green Dragons.
She defeated the vengeful Golden Bear.
She scattered the assassination organization.
She couldn’t defeat the Demigod, but…
She crushed the underground ruin.
She defeated the giant squid, the giant shrimp, and the crazed barnacle.
She defeated the Demon Lord’s army commander.
She scattered the cult.
She even scattered the invaders from another world.
And now, here she is.
Being targeted by a flying steel jellyfish…!
Emi Rune won’t flinch!!
“…RAAAAAAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
Emi roared, reenergized, and…
…Increased her running speed towards ‘Soul Conqueror’!