【Adventurer Mitran】Father and Son Confrontation
* * *
“…You’ve grown, Harishurap.”
Saying that, the large Triangle… Harishurap-san’s father, smiled gently.
“Is your mother well?”
“Shut up!!”
Harishurap-san shouted at his father, who spoke to him calmly.
“Don’t act like a father, you violent scumbag who suddenly abandoned his family!!”
Harishurap-san is angry, his eyebrows raised.
That’s only natural.
That man is the one who abandoned Harishurap-san and his family.
Judging from his reaction when he mistook Barishdop-san for his father earlier, it’s not like he doesn’t want to see him at all.
But of course, he’s angry.
“…There’s… a reason.”
Hearing Harishurap-san’s angry shout, his father smiled, looking a little lonely.
“A reason!? You say!?”
“Yes… I’ll show you now.”
And then, saying that… he placed the triangular pyramid he had been wearing on his head onto the sand, and slowly… started taking off the luxurious robe he was wearing.
Harishurap-san’s father unfastened the clasps—Click, click—and then forcefully threw the robe away!
What was hidden under that robe… is!
…The naked body… of a slightly flabby, middle-aged man…!
No, it’s not just a naked body!
Two triangular pyramids are attached to his chest, and one to his groin, barely covering his important parts!
““““““Hoh… Hoh Hoh… Hoh…””””””
Before we knew it, the members of the Sunrise Triangle had gathered around him, singing some kind of solemn religious chorus, adding to the atmosphere…!
“No, what’s going on!?”
I couldn’t help but shout!
My head feels like it’s going to explode!
“Hmph, you don’t understand?”
Harishurap-san’s father, looking down at me with utter contempt, slowly approached me in an intimidating manner.
Every time he takes a step, the triangular pyramids on his chest and groin sway—Burun, burun.
Dangerous!
“This appearance… is a manifestation of my faith. All my actions have been driven by my faith.”
“Apologize to the people of other religions!?”
I immediately complained, but it didn’t reach his ears at all.
He turned sideways, and slowly started talking as he walked.
“When I first saw the Golden Pyramid on the other side of the Great Canyon, God’s words echoed in my mind. It all started from there…”
“God’s words… !?”
“Those words… ‘After all, this is the era of the triangular pyramid.’”
“Why did you hear that and become convinced that they were God’s words!?”
Slowly, slowly, the weird father walks.
The triangular pyramid on his groin is swaying… Dangerous, from this angle, I can almost see something I don’t want to see… Ah, I almost saw it!
That kind of teasing isn’t fun at all!
“That day… when I heard God’s words… my whole life changed. I cherished the triangular pyramid, and hated the square pyramid. I’ve lived my life determined to someday carve this Golden Pyramid into the shape of a triangular pyramid…”
Saying that, the pervert looked at the overturned Golden Pyramid, and then… looked straight at Harishurap-san.
He extended his right hand towards him, and—
“Take my hand, Harishurap.”
He said that in a solemn voice.
“You have the talent for the triangular pyramid.”
“…………”
“Together with me, let us reshape the world into its ideal form.”
“…………”
“Into the shape of a triangular pyramid.”
“…………”
Harishurap-san listened to the pervert’s words in silence.
And then, roughly shaking off the members of the Sunrise Triangle who were holding him down, he stood up.
Slowly, slowly, Harishurap-san walked towards the pervert, and then… instead of joining his right hand with the pervert’s outstretched right hand—
“Don’t spout such nonsense!”
—He clenched his fist, and punched the pervert in the face!
That’s only natural!
That invitation just now was completely incomprehensible and unrelatable!
There’s nothing there that would sway his heart!
BASHIIIIIN!!
A loud impact echoed through the desert sky!
But…!
“…I see.”
“!!”
The pervert… didn’t even flinch!
The pervert, who didn’t even stumble after taking a punch to the face from Harishurap-san, an adult man, albeit tired, glared at him with cold eyes, and then…!
“That’s unfortunate.”
He punched Harishurap-san in the stomach at an incredible speed!
“Ugh… ooh…!?”
Harishurap-san was blown away by the sheer force of the blow… rolled across the desert sand several times, and groaned in pain.
H-He’s strong!
He’s strong, even though he’s a pervert!
“Then, as I declared earlier, I shall do so. I will offer you all as sacrifices to our god!”
““““““SWIIIIII!! HOH HOH HOOO!!””””””
The pervert, no longer even looking at his son, declared that, shaking the triangular pyramids on his chest and groin.
The Triangles, enraged, drew the machetes from their waists, raised them to the sky, and roared!
This is bad!
I don’t want to admit it because the enemy leader’s appearance is too perverted, but this is undoubtedly a desperate situation!
“First, that brat… offer him as a blood sacrifice.”
“Eh? Me!?”
“He definitely thinks I’m a pervert. So kill him first.”
“Wait, I’m sure everyone thinks so!? Hiiiii!”
Following the pervert’s orders, the Triangles, holding their machetes, started to surround me!
“M-Mitran-kun!”
Leseida-san struggled to help me, but she’s also being held down by several people.
She can’t move!
The wandering mage Nenesane is pondering with her hand on her chin, but she doesn’t seem to have any good ideas to break the current situation!
Wh-What should I do!?
What should I do—!
“Now… do it!!”
““““““SWIIIIII!! HOH HOH HOOO!!””””””
Ah, this is it!
Following the pervert’s command, the Triangles simultaneously raised their machetes!
…But!
It was at that moment!
“…!?”
…I—.
No, not just me.
Leseida-san, Harishurap-san, and even the Sunrise Triangles.
Everyone, feeling a chill, stopped moving, and simultaneously turned to the south.
The Great Desert, where the sun has begun to set.
There.
Bathed in the strong, setting sun from the west—
Kicking up sand… something is approaching us at incredible speed.
It’s covered in a terrifying aura that makes you want to look away.
A jet-black mass of tentacles.
A hideous monster.