Scatter the Surging Demon Lord’s Army! 3
* * *
“HAAAAAAA! Behold the power of the thunder surging in these horns! I possess the bloodline of the Azure Dragon, capable of manipulating thunder, and now, having transformed into my 5th form, I can fully utilize that power! In other words……!”
Crackle, crackle!
Powerful electric currents surge from Deogandai’s two horns, running around him!
Emi, recalling the threat of the white-thunder wielding Golden Bear she fought before, focused all her attention on Deogandai.
But, however!
“Three, five, two, twelve, seven!”
Seeing Emi’s reaction, Deogandai grinned maliciously and instead of unleashing a thunder attack, shouted out an order!
A meaningless string of numbers!
Unable to decipher its meaning, Emi momentarily faltered.
That gap in her defenses.
Deogandai seized upon it.
“AWON!!”
“!!”
A Dark Magic Wolf, sacrificing itself, charged from a blind spot!
It opened its mouth wide, threatening to devour Emi. She turned her head at a speed beyond human comprehension, and punched it.
The Dark Magic Wolf’s head exploded, showering blood and gore.
Such a simple surprise attack, Emi’s superhuman physical abilities easily allowed her to intercept the enemy.
……Such a simple surprise attack.
“AWON!!”
“AWON!!”
“AWOOOOOOOOON!!”
“!?”
But the Dark Magic Wolves’ charge didn’t end with this!
Several more, many more Dark Magic Wolves, leaping from blind spots at perfect timing, attacked Emi, who had lost her balance after swinging her fist.
Their movements were completely different from before.
“One, thirteen, eight, six, five!”
There’s no doubt that these movements were directed by Deogandai’s orders from above.
“Yaa! Raa! Chi……!”
Dark Magic Wolves attacking from all sides, relentlessly.
Even for Emi, couldn’t intercept all their attacks.
The teeth and claws of these monsters, empowered by the Demon Lord’s army’s special magic refining techniques, were not something she could ignore, and red streaks began to appear on her exposed cheeks, not covered by the jet-black armor.
And their attacks didn’t stop at a synchronized barrage of attacks!
“……!!”
Emi, deflecting the onslaught of teeth and claws, sensed a slight change in their movements. Despite being injured by the Dark Magic Wolves’ attacks, she leaped sideways.
“【Dragon Stamp】!”
The next moment, Deogandai, who had been observing from above, descended rapidly onto the cobblestones where Emi had been standing!
Deogandai, his monstrous feet crushing the ground!
ZUGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN!!!
A tremendous sound of destruction echoed through the First Plaza, but his attack didn’t stop!
“Eight, four, eleven, eleven, eleven!”
Issuing orders to the Dark Magic Wolves, Deogandai swung his long tail horizontally towards Emi at incredible speed!
“【Dragon Tail】!”
Behind her, the aura of the approaching Dark Magic Wolves!
Emi, forced to leap into the air to dodge Deogandai’s tail, saw Deogandai’s grinning face and realized her mistake.
In the air.
A huge opening.
……No escape!
“And now, this is checkmate! 【Dragon Thunder】!!”
The next moment, Deogandai shouted those words!
The electric currents running through his horns, which had been crackling until now, suddenly intensified and were launched towards Emi!
BACHIYYYYYYYYYIN!!!
“AAAAAAAAGGGGHHH!!”
Emi, enveloped in lightning and emitting light, screamed a roar that rivaled the sound of the thunder!
For a moment, just a few moments.
But this, Deogandai’s 5th form ultimate move, 【Dragon Thunder】, apparently had an effect on the monstrous girl.
When the lightning stopped and the First Plaza returned to its original darkness.
Emi, with a thud.
She fell to the ground, charred black, motionless.
“GURURU!”
“Aon, aon!”
“””AWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOON!!!”””
The Dark Magic Wolves, certain of their enemy’s demise, let out joyous howls.
But, however.
Middle-ranked commander Deogandai, with a grim expression, glared at the charred girl rolling on the cobblestones and issued further orders.
“Everyone, all-out attack!! Charge, all at onceーーー!!”
“AON!?”
For the Dark Magic Wolves, the commander’s orders are absolute.
Despite their confused voices, they all lunged towards Emi.
Biting her arms, biting her legs.
When there were no more places to bite, they piled on top of her, trying to crush her with their weight.
It was clearly over.
“…………”
But Deogandai remained with a grim expression.
Because he knew what kind of existence “strong individuals” are.
For example, what if the opponent were Makkoymakkoy, the Four Archdemons with unrivaled strength?
What if it were Zeithawne, the mastermind with divine calculation?
Surely both of them would quickly recover with nonchalant expressions.
They’re different.
So, surely, this one too.
……DOOOOOOOOOOOOONG!!!
Just as Deogandai was thinking that, with a booming sound, the Dark Magic Wolves surrounding Emi were blown away, screaming!
And standing behind them was a single girl.
The jet-black armored, black-haired, black-eyed girl, Emi.
Her dark eyes burning with fighting spirit, she glared at Deogandai.
See, I told you.
“【Dragon Thunder】!!!”
The moment he saw that, Deogandai, who had been secretly charging his ultimate move, 【Dragon Thunder】, fired it without hesitation!
Sure, the thunder attack had worked before.
At first glance, her armor is unscathed.
It must be able to repel lightning.
But no matter how high the armor’s conductivity, as long as her bare skin is exposed, it’s useless.
One more blast of thunder, at maximum output, and this will be the end!
But, however.
Deogandai’s plan was thwarted by Emi’s unexpected actions.
It was her arms.
Giant, rugged arms, the same jet-black color as her armor, with occasional flashes of rusty red.
Just before Deogandai fired his 【Dragon Thunder】, those arms emerged smoothly from Emi’s shoulders.
And they brushed away Deogandai’s thunder.
As if it were nothing more than dust.
“Thunder doesn’t work on me.”
Emi declared in a cute but recognizable voice, facing Deogandai, who was stunned.
“……Kukaka. You’re pretty charred for someone who says it doesn’t work.”
Deogandai, wiping sweat from his forehead, casually made a lighthearted remark.
“I, I told you, it doesn’t work!”
In response to his lighthearted remark, Emi was flustered.
It seems thunder does work, if it can penetrate her skin.