【Beautiful Girl Detective Akashiterika!】The Old Imperial City Frozend Museum Murder Case 7
* * *
DAAN!
PAPAN!
BARI BARI BARI!
The entrance hall is brightly lit by the various magical lights emitted by the police officers.
Although the magic drones can easily withstand one or two magic attacks, it’s a different story when there are ten or twenty of them.
Thanks to the well-trained police officers’ coordinated magic attacks, the number of magic drones was gradually decreasing.
“Gufufu, fufufu!”
Director Rakigataa’s swordsmanship is also amazing, and Akashiterika hasn’t been hit by a single attack from the magic drones.
Of course, even if Director Rakigataa is a master swordsman, he’s not completely unscathed.
His well-tailored suit is now tattered, covered in bleeding cuts.
“Guah!?”
“The injured, please step back!”
“Switch! Switch quickly!”
The police officers aren’t unscathed either.
Although there are no fatalities, the number of those with serious injuries is gradually increasing.
Although they’re not completely helpless against the magic drones attacking with buzzsaws… the situation isn’t good.
The police officers are at a slight disadvantage.
“…………”
Jimmyyak is watching the scene with displeasure.
To him, each and every one of the magic drones is an asset that the organization should use as weapons in the future.
The fewer magic drones lost here, the better.
“That’s enough of the combat test.”
Jimmyyak, spinning his index finger, gave an order to Steel Index, standing beside him.
“The main body will fight. Blow away those police officers and that muscle gramps.”
“BUSHUUUUUU!”
The next moment!
Steel Index, scattering steam… instantly moved before the police officers!
And then, it swung the giant spear it was holding, horizontally!
“““““GUWAAAAAAAAH!?”””””
It was just a simple swing, with no technique or anything.
However, the mass of the spear, and the speed at which it was swung, are extraordinary.
Most of the police officers couldn’t withstand Steel Index’s attack… and were easily blown away, as if they were mere insects!
“BUSHUUUUUU!”
Next, Steel Index changed direction, charged towards Director Rakigataa, and swung its spear!
“N-Guh… Fuuu…!”
Director Rakigataa dodged the horizontal swing by swinging his greatsword upwards from below, deflecting the spear’s trajectory.
But the cost is great.
The greatsword Director Rakigataa was using… broke from the impact!
“Not yet! I was prepared for thiiis!”
Director Rakigataa shouted, and stomped on the floor again—DON!
And then, the floor next to him opened—Pakari—and a new greatsword emerged, but…
“BUSHUUUUUU!”
Steel Index swung its spear again, before Director Rakigataa could even grab the greatsword!
“GUWAAAAAAAAH!!!”
His body struck by the giant spear… Director Rakigataa was blown away to the wall of the entrance hall.
And then, hitting the wall, taking further damage to his whole body… Director Rakigataa lost consciousness, and slumped down.
“How’s that! HOW’S THAT, YOU FOOLS! THIS IS THE NEW POWER OF OUR EMPIRE! KE—KEKEKEKEKE!”
Jimmyyak laughed creepily in the now silent entrance hall.
And with a twisted smile, he glared at Akashiterika.
“Now, Beautiful Girl Detective, it’s your turn! The crime of defying Marquis Tomoikiya, a great noble, is grave!”
Jimmyyak, saying that, spun his index finger.
The red, eye-like lights of Steel Index flickered!
“For the crime of disrespect… EXECUTION! Pass judgment, Steeeeel Indeex!!!”
“BUSHUUUUUU!”
Steel Index, to carry out the order, spewing steam… slowly raised its giant spear.
It’s aiming to impale Akashiterika!
Akashiterika—
Akashiterika, in response—
“Fuuuuuu…”
Exhaled deeply, and stared straight at Steel Index.
And then… she took off her trademark newsboy cap.
* * *
While the police officers, and Director Rakigataa, were being defeated one after another.
Akashiterika was praying.
(Help me… Help me, Emi…!)
But reality is cruel.
Emi didn’t appear.
The sound of rushing water is still echoing from the bottom of the hole where she supposedly fell.
(Why… Why is this so unfair…!)
Akashiterika, looking at the fallen police officers, groaning in pain, lamented the injustice of the world.
And then—
Here—
She realized.
(What… am I thinking…?)
That she had—
Unconsciously—
Been relying on Emi.
(Injustice… I’M the one who dispels it!)
“Now, Beautiful Girl Detective, it’s your turn! The crime of defying Marquis Tomoikiya, a great noble, is grave!”
The murderer before her is spouting his selfish reasoning.
If she doesn’t act now.
This murderer, after killing her… might very well kill everyone else who’s still alive.
Such injustice must not be tolerated.
These kind people, who were just doing their jobs, must not be hurt any further.
“For the crime of disrespect… EXECUTION! Pass judgment, Steeeeel Indeex!!!”
“BUSHUUUUUU!”
By any means necessary.
She has to save the police officers.
Director Rakigataa.
And Emi too!
…SHE has to!!
“Fuuuuuu…”
And then Akashiterika, exhaling deeply—
Took off her newsboy cap.
“I understand that this… isn’t normally allowed in this day and age.”
And she muttered a small apology.
“Huh?”
Jimmyyak, catching her apology, tilted his head.
What is this Beautiful Girl Detective saying?
“But this too… is to protect the people… to dispel injustice!”
Next, Akashiterika shouted!
And then… she raised the Superbad Divine Jeweled Crown, which she had been holding to her chest, high!
“Hey… Hey, hey, hey! Wait!! YOU! What are you doing!?”
Jimmyyak, seeing that, panicked, his face pale!
Because although he’s asking ‘What are you doing?’!
He actually instantly understood what Akashiterika is about to do!
And that!
Is nothing less than proof of a certain fact… that is very, very inconvenient for Jimmyyak!
“Stop it!!”
Jimmyyak shouted!
That’s all he could do!
“I won’t!”
Akashiterika flatly refused Jimmyyak’s demand, and then!
Placed the Superbad Divine Jeweled Crown… on her head!
“Oh, Superbad Divine Jeweled Crown!”
And Akashiterika spoke to the crown!
“STOP IT, YOU IDIOT, STOP! I DON’T WANT TO HEAR IT! DON’T MAKE ME HEAR IT!”
Jimmyyak, covering his ears, his face pale, continued to plead!
“Akashiterika Superbad commands you, with her blood!”
The moment Akashiterika uttered those words!
The Superbad Jeweled Crown started emitting a powerful, silver light!
“Aaaaaah…!”
Jimmyyak, seeing that, collapsed to his knees!
“Grant me the power to protect the people!!”
And when Akashiterika shouted that!
The Superbad Jeweled Crown’s radiance intensified!
And a silver light enveloped her entire body!