girl and 大人
* * *
“…I’ll answer as much as I can.”
Finally, yes, granting me permission to ask questions.
The beautiful woman before me… opened her eyes, which she had closed, perhaps because it was necessary for recalling her memories.
Her purple eyes sparkle in the light of the giant jewel in the center of the room.
Her soft lips curve into a gentle smile.
“‘I can’t prove whether I’m the real deal’… That doesn’t matter to me.”
I finished eating the “noodles” I had been slurping, placed the dish on the table, raised my hand, and… said what I had to say before asking my questions.
“You’re my lifesaver. Whether you’re the real Majurog or not is a trivial matter. Thank you for saving me.”
“Kakaka… You’re welcome.”
Majurog, resting her chin on her hand, took a sip of tea, and smiled.
“Can I… ask you some questions? There are a few things I’m curious about.”
“Ask me anything!”
“How are you planning to escape from this Great Prison surrounded by sludge?”
Naturally, that’s what I’m most concerned about.
Because this control room I escaped to… considering the route I took, is clearly located in the center of the Great Prison of Delenezo.
But it’s surrounded by that sludge…
<Thanks to the bulkheads, we can defend against the sludge’s attacks for a while… but certainly, it’s a difficult place to escape from.>
“Kakaka… The answer is… this!”
Majurog, saying that, laughing… took out a piece of paper with something written on it.
…From between her breasts.
“Why did you take it out from there?”
“I wanted to try it, since I now have big breasts.”
And saying that jokingly, she placed the memo on the table.
There’s some kind of pattern drawn on it.
A pattern of complex letters and shapes inside a circle.
I feel like I’ve seen it somewhere…
<Ah! That’s a teleportation magic circle!>
“A teleportation magic circle?”
I muttered, in response to Extra-sama’s surprised voice.
“Hmm, Emi-chan, you know about it?”
Hearing that, Majurog’s large eyes narrowed slightly.
But her mouth is smiling.
“Then it’ll be a quick explanation. Certainly, this Great Prison of Delenezo has multiple layers of security to prevent escape, and furthermore, it’s currently filled with that sludge. Normally, escape is impossible. But!”
“If there’s a teleportation magic circle, we can escape… But… can you make a teleportation magic circle?”
I tilted my head.
Didn’t Extra-sama say before that ‘It’s almost impossible to create a teleportation magic circle with current human technology’?
<I did.>
But Majurog laughed at my question, shaking her body!
“Kakaka… Of course, I can! Because I’m a genius… ‘The Great Mage’ Majurog!”
“…………”
Perhaps sensing my unease as I stared at her, Majurog put on a serious expression, and continued her explanation.
“Don’t worry! I’ve been secretly experimenting with this teleportation magic circle since I was at the academy, and I’ve confirmed that it activates without any problems! I’ll create a teleportation magic circle, powered by this control room’s huge magic stone… that large jewel in the center… and escape to my hideout! It’s a very simple and smart escape plan, isn’t it? Kakaka!”
Her words are fluent, and full of confidence.
I wonder… is she lying?
Well, if she can really create a teleportation magic circle here, that would be a great help.
Can she really… really do it?
<The most difficult part of creating a teleportation magic circle is creating the catalyst for drawing the magic circle… but if what she’s saying is true, the person before your eyes has even succeeded in transplanting a soul. As she calls herself, she’s truly a genius. Perhaps she can easily do something like that.>
Wow, Extra-sama approves.
<But be careful, Emi.>
Here.
Extra-sama warned me, lowering her voice.
<Both soul transplantation and teleportation magic circles are forbidden techniques in the eyes of the gods. After we successfully escape from here, it would be best to keep some distance from this person.>
I gulped at those words.
…Forbidden?
Putting aside the soul thing… teleportation magic circles too?
There’s one at the Adventurers’ Guild, and one in the Foggy Forest, aren’t there?
<It’s fine if they’re installed by the gods, or if they’re ancient remnants. The problem is creating new ones. Because…>
…Because?
<It might infringe on the vested interests of gods like the Transportation God and the Merchant God!>
That’s a more mundane reason than I expected!?
<…But this Majurog said that she conducted her teleportation magic circle experiments ‘in secret’. Perhaps…>
“Now, now, Emi-chan! Do you have any other questions?”
Here.
Majurog, interrupting Extra-sama, who was muttering something, asked for the next question.
“…………”
I still have questions.
Although it might be a trivial matter compared to the previous question.
It’s…
“Why… is your prosthetic body a woman’s body?”
That’s it.
Originally, the Great Mage was a man, right?
Why did you deliberately change your gender?
<…It certainly seems like it would be easier in many ways if he remained the same sex.>
“Kakaka! That’s all you want to ask!?”
Majurog laughed heartily at my question.
And after brushing her abundant purple hair aside, she answered cheerfully.
“As I mentioned earlier, I once had five wives, and countless lovers.”
“Yeah, you were a dirty old man, right?”
“A man of many loves. Not a dirty old man… I’ve been in love many times, and met wonderful women… Their memories still shine beautifully in my heart, like jewels.”
“Haa…”
“But as a result, I ran into a problem.”
“A problem?”
Saying that, Majurog rested her chin on the table again, and sighed.
She looks… irresistibly bewitching… even though I know she’s wearing a prison uniform, and has the soul of a dirty old man inside.
“My memories are just too beautiful.”
“Huh?”
“In other words, I don’t think I can meet a woman more wonderful than those I’ve idealized in my memories!”
Here, Majurog straightened her posture, crossed her arms, pushing up her large chest!
“Therefore… I thought!”
With an even more serious expression!
“‘This time, I want to become a woman… and fall in love with a man’…!!”
She said something… incomprehensible!
“What are you talking about?”
I couldn’t understand what she was saying at all, so I just blurted out what I was thinking!
But Majurog, not minding my confusion, smiled and added!
“By the way, the reason this Magic Prosthetic Body has big breasts… is because I like breasts!”
“You really are a dirty old man!”
<A dirty old man indeed.>
Alright, conclusion.
Majurog is a dirty old man!
“Hey, dirty old man. I have another question.”
Now, there’s one more thing I want to ask while I can.
…Although I don’t really want to ask.
I raised my hand and asked.
“…You’re suddenly being rude. Can’t you be more respectful?”
“I’m taking away your respect.”
“That’s a good one. Kakaka… So, what’s your question?”
“Why did you help me?”
At that question… Majurog’s eyes widened, and she tilted her head, puzzled.
“Don’t act like that.”
I continued, releasing a bit of 【Intimidation】.
“What’s your purpose?”
Because I was imprisoned in this Great Prison of Delenezo, you know?
Even I have to say… this is incredibly suspicious.
And yet, this beautiful, dirty old man helped me.
She definitely has some kind of motive.
…I’m grateful to Majurog.
It’s true that she saved my life.
I also like her bright and friendly personality.
Even though she’s a dirty old man.
I don’t think she’s a bad person.
But.
That.
Might be an act.
The world is always harsh to me.
I don’t want to be betrayed at the very end.
So I need her to reveal everything now.
If she’s planning to use me, I want her to tell me from the beginning.
I’ll accept a certain degree of unreasonable demands and disadvantages.
In return for saving my life.
“…………”
Majurog, after a long silence, her expression blank, in response to my question—
“Haaa…”
—Stood up, sighing deeply.
And slowly approached me.
“A child shouldn’t give off that kind of vibe.”
Saying that, she patted my head.
“Don’t try to deceive me.”
“I’m not deceiving you… Okay, listen carefully.”
And then, she crouched down, and met my gaze.
Majurog cupped my cheeks in her hands, holding my face still.
She looked straight into my jet-black eyes.
And then.
“You don’t need a reason to save a child!”
Saying that, she smiled gently, and then… Majurog hugged me tightly.
“…………”
I couldn’t speak.
I couldn’t resist.
I just… just let it happen.
Majurog’s large breasts are soft.
And Majurog’s body… even though it’s a prosthetic body, is warm.
The weak part of me…
Already believed in Majurog.
“…If you’re lying—”
I—
“I’ll tear you to pieces… and kill you.”
—Managed to squeeze out those words.
In a trembling voice.
“I’m not lying.”
Majurog, not showing any fear—
Just continued to hug me tightly.