“Insane Barnacle Water Giant” Garozg
* * *
Now, let’s tell an old story for a bit.
An old story, but not that long ago.
Around the time when the tough old man who is currently the village chief was still a green young man and a soldier in the royal capital.
At that time, Barnacle Garozg was just a normal giant barnacle.
Attached to the forehead of a giant fish called Todobiyondo, he spent his days absentmindedly moving his cirri like other barnacles, capturing prey and bringing it to his mouth.
However, one stormy night.
It was beyond Garozg’s control, but a group of foolish humans had their ship shattered by huge waves.
Dragged into the raging sea, all the humans died.
The mountains of gold, silver, and treasures piled up on the ship were scattered to the bottom of the sea where the giant fish Todobiyondo, to which Garozg was attached, lurked.
And fortunately, or unfortunately.
No…… definitely unfortunately.
The white jewel included among those treasures.
Really by chance.
Plop.
It entered Garozg’s shell.
<<<!?>>>
At that moment!
Garozg obtained the enormous magical power contained within the jewel!
His body was filled by the jewel and began to shine in silver due to the overflowing magical power, illuminating the pitch-black seabed as if it were daytime!
Enormous magical power.
It was the power of a god!
Even Garozg, who didn’t possess any wisdom at the time, understood by instinct that the power originated from a heavenly being.
Normally, when taking in magical power beyond one’s capacity, the soul of that being cannot endure it and bursts, leading to death.
It’s a phenomenon humans call “magical overload.”
However, that didn’t happen to Garozg.
It wasn’t because Garozg was a special barnacle, but because the jewel had a function to protect the soul of the target so that wouldn’t happen.
Originally, that jewel was given by a god to a certain human clan.
What that god sought was the stability of the human group.
And in order to maintain the group, sometimes it was necessary to wield great power.
This white jewel was bestowed upon the earth as a trump card for that purpose.
However.
After a long, long time.
Humans forgot the true value of that jewel.
The jewel degenerated into a mere symbol that only showed the legitimacy of domination.
And little by little.
It became tainted.
By the obsession of the humans who had inherited the jewel for generations.
By the desire for domination.
That obsession eventually began to drive the surrounding humans mad.
Much blood was shed, and the group was in turmoil.
One of the outcomes was the annihilation after a reckless escape by sea, but that had nothing to do with Garozg.
What was relevant to Garozg, and what was very unfortunate for him, was that he was completely tainted by that obsession.
Garozg, who had lived as a mere barnacle, was far purer compared to humans.
Therefore, he was influenced by that obsession more than anyone who had possessed the jewel before.
<<<Domination…… domination…… domination……!>>>
Sadly.
The first concept that Garozg, who rapidly gained wisdom by taking in the power of god, understood.
It was “domination.”
Dominate everything.
Build a new world of barnacles.
……Garozg’s rampage began.
* * *
And now.
Garozg had completely made the jewel’s power his own.
The enormous magical power contained within the jewel had completely adapted to his soul.
Incidentally, along with the magical power, he had also thoroughly absorbed the obsession that had tainted the jewel.
In other words, the white jewel was now just a pretty gem.
However, Garozg still carefully kept that jewel, which was no longer useful, inside his shell.
Because it was the symbol that demonstrated his legitimacy as a king.
<<<Now, isopod and land creature. Have you decided on your answer?>>>
Looking down from the top of the water giant’s head, Garozg arrogantly addressed the two small creatures on the sea surface while rolling the jewel inside his shell.
The reason he waited a considerable amount of time for their answer was because his desire to take in those two as subordinates was genuine.
It would be a waste to simply kill the beings who possess the power to slaughter that shrimp and squid, and there is a very significant strategic meaning in adding the Great Sea Serpent, the natural enemy of barnacles, and the land creature that serves as a foothold for advancing on land as subordinates.
However, it is also true that he intends to mercilessly crush them if they refuse his invitation.
For that purpose, he transformed into the water giant mode, which consumes a lot of magical power.
The divine magical power that Garozg absorbed from the jewel is finite.
Once used, it will never return.
That’s why in most cases, Garozg had been making his subordinates do things, but… he felt that it wouldn’t work against this opponent, especially that small black land creature.
If he’s going to do it, he must crush them with his own full power.
His instincts were telling him that.
<<<The answer…… the answer, right…… t-that is……>>>
Now, in response to Garozg, the isopod below sent a reply via 【Telepathy】.
But for some reason, it’s hesitant.
Looking closely, the isopod seems to be arguing a bit with the land creature on its head.
However, it seems the isopod ultimately accepted the land creature’s argument.
The land creature was from the beginning.
Even the isopod, after letting out a single pathetic “pyuru” cry.
……The two of them glared at Garozg.
<<<……I see. You insist on opposing me. Tsuboboobobo……>>>
Seeing that, Garozg ridiculed these two for a while.
<<<Die.>>>
He raised his water fist high and tried to swing it down.
“……It’s you who will die!!”
The land creature’s spirited response to Garozg’s 【Telepathy】!
That response itself was the answer Garozg had expected.
A foolish remark that doesn’t understand the difference in power and status.
It’s the kind of words a lowly land creature would likely utter.
However.
……However!
The action the isopod and land creature took next.
It was an action completely unexpected by Garozg, outside the realm of his imagination!
“Let’s go, Zaratopu!!”
<<<Aah! Fine! I got it!!!>>>
The land creature, after letting out a shout, jumped from the isopod’s head towards the sea.
The isopod, before it.
Fell into the sea.
With a gulp.
……It ate it.