A Boy’s Unplanned Actions in Nut-Gathering Village
* * *
‘Human Transformation’!
That’s the legend about monsters, whispered as truth!
Monsters with wisdom and power, living for a long time, eventually learn the art of taking human form and become human.
That… setting, familiar even in fairy tales!
A mystery, whose authenticity is unknown!
‘From Pikurutz’s perspective, that is’—with that note attached… such a mystery was unfolding before his eyes.
Pikurutz was astonished, dumbfounded… but somehow managed to stand up, rub his eyes, and stared at the beautiful girl, who had transformed from the tentacle ball, without a word.
The first thing that catches the eye in her appearance is her black hair and black eyes, which are generally despised in this world as ‘cursed child’.
Pikurutz is a resident of this world, with typical sensibilities, and of course, he also has some aversion to that coloring.
However…!
That’s a trivial matter for an adolescent Pikurutz!
In front of her beauty, which had transformed from a tentacle ball, that’s not important!
A confident, no, dignified and beautiful face, a slender body, white skin as beautiful as the sand of the Great Desert, shining in the sunlight, well, and… No, let’s stop describing her!
Anyway, Pikurutz had never met such a beautiful being!
Moreover, such a beautiful girl… an incredibly beautiful girl who looks a little younger than Pikurutz, appeared before him, wearing a wetsuit-like garment made of a mysterious jet-black material… which, in other words, shows off her body line quite well!
There’s no way an adolescent boy wouldn’t fall in love!!
But sadly, Pikurutz hasn’t accumulated enough life experience to smoothly string words together in these situations.
Unfortunately, his bible wasn’t a love manual.
So Pikurutz, even if he tried to say something meaningful, his head couldn’t keep up, and he just opened and closed his mouth—Pakupaku.
“…Thank you.”
“!!!”
Now, in that situation.
After a moment of silence, the one who spoke first was the former tentacle ball beautiful girl.
She spoke in a fluent manner, unthinkable for someone who was a monster until just now, and thanked Pikurutz for the nuts!
What a beautiful voice…!
“N-No, it’s n-nothing! Y-You’re… w-welcome!?”
Pikurutz, flustered, moved his body in a jerky manner, and bowed his head repeatedly at high speed!
“Delicious.”
Furthermore, saying that, seeing the high-speed bowing, the beautiful girl monster tilted her head slightly, then, recognizing this as the greeting method of this boy’s cultural sphere, she also bowed her head at high speed.
“N-Not at all, not at all!?”
And Pikurutz, seeing the beautiful girl monster’s high-speed bowing, bowed even faster to respond to her bowing.
In other words, it’s a double high-speed bowing.
What are these guys doing?
“…………”
And after the ritualistic high-speed bowing, silence fell between the two.
Pikurutz’s mouth still opens and closes—Pakupaku—but doesn’t utter any meaningful language.
On the other hand, the former tentacle ball beautiful girl also doesn’t say anything.
She seems to be the quiet type.
That silence continued for a minute.
“…Well then.”
The next to speak was the beautiful girl monster.
But unfortunately for Pikurutz, those were words of parting.
The beautiful girl monster said only that, bowed as before, turned around, and faced away from Pikurutz.
“…!!!”
She’s going!
She’s leaving!
If this continues, my destiny will!!
Say something!
Even one word is fine!
Just say something!!
“Wait!!!”
Pushed by a throbbing and impatience he’d never felt before, his face bright red, Pikurutz finally shouted that simple word!
“…?”
Fortunately, the beautiful girl monster stopped at those words, looked back, and tilted her head, expressionless.
She waited!
Now, the next step!
Say it, Pikurutz!
Your one word will change your life!
What changes your life is the step you take!
Half-panicked, Pikurutz desperately encouraged himself, and finally, he said it!
“W-Won’t you… become my familiar!?”
Words of… recruitment!
The former tentacle ball beautiful girl monster heard those words.
Staring straight at Pikurutz’s bright red face.
And immediately, she replied!
“Eh, no.”
…With that!
And then, she turned around again and started walking away from Pikurutz!
“Wait, wait, wait!? Waiiiiiiiiit!?”
And to that beautiful girl monster, Pikurutz, who was momentarily stunned by the blunt rejection, immediately chased after her and spoke!
“Why!?”
“Why… ‘Familiar’ means I’ll become your subordinate, right?”
“No, well, not a subordinate, but a partner.”
“Why do I have to become something like that?”
“Why, why!? Because I gave you spirit tree nuts earlier! So…”
The atmosphere of rejection that can be painfully felt from every word of the beautiful girl monster…!
But the desperate Pikurutz deliberately ignored it and clung to the beautiful girl monster, who kept walking!
“Haaa…”
At Pikurutz’s behavior, the beautiful girl monster sighed, expressionless, and finally stopped.
And then, she said!
“You think… that if you give someone some nuts that fell on the ground… you can do whatever you want with their life!? You moron!!!”
“!!!”
Those words were… absolutely correct!!
Pikurutz could only open and close his mouth—Pakupaku.
This time, Pikurutz acted according to his bible.
Certainly, the legendary Familiar Tamer, Sakura, had made friends with monsters by feeding them… sometimes.
But that was to a somewhat weak-looking rabbit or wolf, or something like that, living in the grasslands.
Then, what about the monster Pikurutz is currently facing?
Originally, an unidentified tentacle ball.
Currently, a humanized, overwhelming beauty.
She’s definitely… a high-ranking monster!
Would such a being become a familiar through feeding?
Of course not!
Pikurutz realized the error of his actions and turned pale!
“I’ll ask, just in case.”
Glaring at Pikurutz with an expressionless face.
The beautiful girl monster asked a question.
“If I become your familiar, what about salary and benefits?”
Salary and benefits!?
Do you have to think about such things to make a high-ranking monster your familiar!?
And what are benefits!?
Pikurutz was bewildered and trembled!
His mind… is blank…!
“Your thinking is… naive!!”
The beautiful girl monster rebuked Pikurutz!
【Beautiful Girl Monster】
Just Pikurutz’s way of referring to the girl with black hair and black eyes.