Sitting on Top of the Gate
* * *
A pale sky blue, autumn sky.
Below it spreads the Zamago Forest, dyed a brilliant red with autumn leaves.
That forest is divided exactly in two in the center of my field of vision.
Why is that? It’s because there’s a road.
Because we made a road.
<This base has changed so quickly in just a few months…>
Extra-sama talks to me as I was spacing out while gazing at the merchants and adventurers going by at my feet.
<When Emi and that man first met, there was really nothing here, it was just a forest.>
That’s true.
I also can’t help but feel deeply moved.
This place where the old man and I cleared and started living.
The perverted old geezer came, and the decently blonde guy’s group came.
A house was built, defensive walls were built, a road was built.
The base had finally grown so large that people were coming from outside to visit.
I was filled with emotion. No, I was filled to the brim. Overflowing, even.
I was drowning in feelings.
It’s an emotional flood.
<“Drowning in feelings” and “emotional flood”? I’m not sure those idioms hold actual water.>
Now, the place where I’m sitting… is on top of the gate of our base.
This gate, of course, isn’t made for people to climb up to the top, so unless you can walk on walls or have high jumping power like me, you can’t come here.
In other words, this is my special seat.
I like sitting here and quietly watching the people coming and going from the base.
There’s also the meaning of keeping watch to see if any suspicious people enter, but it’s more like a hobby I do during break time.
If asked why I don’t stand in front of the gate like a gatekeeper and instead secretly do this on top of the gate, well, this is my way of being considerate.
I have black hair and black eyes.
I am a cursed child.
The old men treat me without any concern despite that and treat me as a comrade, but the merchants and adventurers who come from outside are different.
They still say I’m eerie and ominous.
So if this base gets badmouthed because I’m here, it would be pitiful for the old men who worked so hard to create this place.
That’s why recently, I erase my presence, pull my hood deep over my eyes, and basically live while hiding myself.
The old men tell me I don’t need to worry about unnecessary things, but this is fine with me.
Watching people without being noticed.
This level of distance is just right.
I absentmindedly gaze at the group of merchants who left through the gate.
Two merchants and three guards.
I wonder if they were able to buy the smoked meat.
I wonder if they also traded medicinal herbs.
I continue watching their figures gradually getting smaller while imagining such things.
………… Hm?
<What’s wrong, Emi?>
Yeah, I don’t know?
Just now, in the shadow of a tree at the edge of the road?
I thought I saw…… a black human figure?
“Young Miss! Young Miss, where are you!?”
Hm?
Someone is looking for me.
No, rather than someone, judging from this voice, it’s Modokin.
Peeking inside the base, I see the dirty man looking around for me near the gate.
I jump down in one leap and land soundlessly behind Modokin.
“What is it?”
“Whoa!? You surprised me!”
Modokin shouted in surprise and his hips gave out.
Aren’t you getting too surprised?
“I’m asking what you need. Cowardly dirty shaggy.”
“Ugh, my nickname has become even more miserable. That’s harsh…”
“Hurry up and tell me what you need.”
“Yes, yes, sorry about that…… There we go.”
Modokin stood up nimbly and brushed off the dirt on his butt.
“The perverted old geezer is calling for you, Young Miss. Can you come with me to the conference room?”
“………… Why?”
“I don’t know. I was just passing by the room and they asked me to call you, that’s all.”
“…… Errand boy cowardly dirty shaggy.”
“Please stop… Please stop making my nickname longer and longer…”
The “conference room” mentioned in the conversation just now refers to the large room inside the building of the Adventurer’s Guild branch office created by the perverted old geezer.
The old men often use that room when putting together business negotiations.
In that case, I wonder if they’re in the middle of a negotiation?
But if so, wouldn’t it be better for me not to go?
<There’s no need to overthink it. Since you’re being called, you should just go, right?>
I tilted my head for a while, but upon Extra-sama’s words, I changed my mind, thinking that might be the case.
I started walking towards the branch office.
…… At this time, I had already completely forgotten about the human figure.