(White-Rimmed) Assassination 02:09
* * *
The Second Plaza, located almost in the center of the Ashgo Kingdom’s royal capital.
In one of the buildings surrounding this plaza exists that famous Mekena sandwich specialty store, ‘Mekena Number One Eatery, Ashgo Royal Capital Branch’.
The business hours of ‘Mekena Number One Eatery’ end at 9 PM.
Therefore, there should be no residents or employees in this store, which doesn’t have any living quarters, at this late hour, past 2 AM.
And that’s how it should be.
Somehow, on the second floor of that building.
Was a suspicious little man, peeking out the window towards the plaza.
Ring, ring, ring.
A man who constantly rings a small bell, making that sound.
Having written this much, you probably know who he is.
Bathed in the light of the street lamps spilling in from the window, this man with a creepy smile is Church Bell.
A member of the ‘Purple Dual Rings’ cult, who is weakening Emi’s fighting strength by continuously using the ‘Ability Sealing Bell’.
Right now, where his gaze is directed… in the Second Plaza below, his revered Pope Death Pope is fighting, using a bible to destroy the monster who stands against the cult.
The monster is desperately running and dodging… but it’s probably her limit.
It’s only a matter of time before she’s crushed, and her soul is sent to their noble god.
Ring, ring, ring.
Ringing the bell, Church Bell let out a sigh of relief, certain of the enemy’s destruction.
After all, that monster immediately saw through the fact that the ‘him’ projected in the plaza was an illusion created by his special ability.
If he had let her roam free, his life would have been in danger.
He couldn’t help but sigh.
Despite being a member of a cult that aims for slaughter, he’s not good at fighting.
He couldn’t fight a monster like that for even a few seconds.
He probably couldn’t even run away.
She’d catch up to him in no time.
Yes, Church Bell is that weak.
Actually, due to his low combat ability, he was often looked down upon by other members of the cult.
Murder Monk and Hell Savior were especially bad.
They were muscleheads.
He hated them.
Bloody Saint also often made fun of his small body and the way he spoke, so he hated her too.
Dark Believer didn’t say anything to his face, but he overheard him badmouthing him with other cultists, so he started hating him too.
Fire Pastor has a calm personality, and often mediated between him and the others who made fun of him.
But actually, Fire Pastor is younger than Church Bell.
Despite being younger, he acted all high and mighty, trying to help him.
Church Bell hated that, so he also hated him.
But, however.
They’re all dead.
“Ufu, ufufu…”
Taking advantage of the fact that there was no one around, a chuckle escaped Church Bell’s twisted lips.
Now, the only members of ‘Purple Dual Rings’ are he and his revered Death Pope!
That’s right!
Just the two of them!
This could be said to be an unprecedented time of trial for the cult!
Their kind Pope Death Pope-sama will be saddened by the death of their comrades…
Who will stand by the Pope’s side, encourage him, link arms with him, and move forward together?
It’s him!!
He’ll become a high-ranking official of the cult!
Together with Pope-sama, they’ll spread the teachings of Founder Dahachie, and bring death to this world!
Destroy the teachings of other gods!
Destroy the headquarters members, who have fallen into money worship!
And eventually, they’ll establish the Death Pope Theocracy, ruling this entire continent with fear!
“And in the Death Pope Theocracy we’ll establish, I’ll be the one and only, high-ranking official who supports Pope-sama… The bell I ring will become the gospel for all the foolish masses…”
Church Bell muttered, drooling, dreaming of a glorious future!
…But it was at that moment.
“Hmm, it’s important to have a vision.”
Such a.
For some reason, annoyingly theatrical voice.
And.
A blade emerged from his chest.
“But, when that vision is such a ridiculous fantasy… Hahaha.”
“Cough…”
This voice, mocking Church Bell.
He’s heard it before.
Coughing up blood, Church Bell somehow managed to turn around and glared at the person who stabbed him from behind.
Standing there was.
A man with tanned skin covered by a jacket and shirt, wearing slacks.
His hair was white, and he was wearing white-rimmed glasses.
In other words, it was.
The man they captured the other day.
The man who calls himself the ‘Representative’ of the headquarters.
…Ambitious!
“Y-You mammonist… how did you know this place…?”
“Hahaha! Mammonist? That’s a huge misunderstanding, but I’m not interested in debating that here. After all, you’re about to die.”
Ambitious patted Church Bell’s shoulder with his left hand, while holding the sword that pierced him with his right hand.
“Agh…”
Ring!
His hand, weakened by pain, lost its grip, and the ‘Ability Sealing Bell’ that fell to the floor, rang its last sound.
“And you seem to be wondering, ‘How did you know this place?’. It’s simple. I tracked your presence.”
“Cough…”
“And one more thing, you guys poisoned my food, didn’t you? You probably didn’t want me interfering with your ritual. But I’ve already overcome that level of poison through training. Hmm? I looked unwell? It was an act, an act. Hahaha, I was thinking of tricking you guys and escaping, but I never imagined things would turn out like this! Thanks to you, I’ve had to change my plans a little.”
Ambitious spoke.
He spoke cheerfully, as if enjoying himself.
Church Bell, on the other hand, was confused from the pain.
“That… monster… is she your… comrade…?”
“As if, idiot.”
Church Bell definitely felt the sword Ambitious was holding tremble slightly.
“…But, however, it’s not fun to see that one cornered so one-sidedly… for me, that is.”
Saying that, Ambitious, using the sword piercing Church Bell’s chest… sliced him open with tremendous force!
“GYAAAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
Church Bell screamed in agony, collapsed on the spot, convulsed a few times, and then stopped moving.
The dark red overflowing from his body created a pool of blood.
In other words, he was dead.
Looking down at him, Ambitious snorted in boredom.
“Seriously, Old Man… You’re trying to act like Dahachie’s successor… and yet you underestimated me, an assassin. Dahachie himself was an excellent assassin, as well as a cult leader.”
He muttered and then looked out the window.
In the Second Plaza outside, Emi had just regained her special ability and started her counterattack against Death Pope.
“Hahaha… Both of you, fight with all your might. Wear each other down. Become thoroughly exhausted. And then, settle the score. And whoever is left, I’ll kill them. Hahaha, this is what strategy is all about!”
Ambitious continued to chatter cheerfully, looking out the window, even though no one was listening.
“Anyway, the final victor in this place is not the monster or the strange monk.”
And finally, with a grin and narrowed eyes, he said in a cold voice.
“…It’s me.”