Calamity vs. Cursed Child
* * *
Humidafai turned all the countless eyes on its body towards the black creature that had suddenly appeared.
This super giant turban shell Calamity doesn’t have a very high intelligence, and lives by its instincts.
And those instincts sounded the alarm.
That this black thing… is ‘a little’ dangerous.
So, Humidafai immediately went on the offensive.
It launched radulae, one after another, from its body, aiming at the black thing…
Byu-byu-byu-byunn!!
Splitting the air and fog, the deadly harpoons, which just moments ago massacred the Kobudai warriors, flew towards the black thing… towards Emi, at tremendous speed!
“…………”
But Emi didn’t flinch.
With her usual expressionless face, she first dodged the first shot, aimed at her head, by tilting her head to the left.
Then, lowering her hips slightly, she deflected the second shot, aimed at her chest, with a back fist, changing its trajectory and dodging it.
Continuing the flow of the movement, she pulled her right foot back, turning her left side forward, into a half-turned stance.
With just that, the third shot cut through the air, flying past her.
The last, fourth shot, she caught with her left hand just before it hit her face.
“…………”
And lastly, gripping the radula she caught, Emi pulled on it with all her might!
She was going to try to tear it off.
But her attempt failed.
Humidafai’s radula just kept stretching, no matter how much she pulled, with no sign of tearing.
“…………”
So Emi formed a hand blade, and swung it down towards the radula at an incredible speed.
This time, she succeeded in cutting it with a ‘snap’.
The radula, which had stretched and stretched, snapped back like rubber, hitting Humidafai’s body.
“…………”
Emi, slurping up the tip of the severed radula, like an extra thick udon noodle, once again faced Humidafai, cautiously.
A part of its body was just devoured in front of its eyes… but this super giant Calamity didn’t seem particularly angry.
It was just quietly swaying, staring at Emi with its countless eyes.
What she could feel from those eyes… was appetite.
There was no killing intent, no malice… just… pure appetite.
“!!”
…And then, the next moment!
Humidafai’s body, surrounding Emi, suddenly trembled, and then suddenly rose up like a wall and collapsed towards her, trying to crush her!
Emi jumped up, dodging it by jumping over it.
And landed on the soft surface of Humidafai’s body, where countless eyes were blinking.
Then, a large hole, like a mouth, suddenly opened right next to her landing spot, trying to swallow her whole!
Emi dodged that swallowing attack with a side jump, but this is the surface of Humidafai’s body.
Humidafai, seemingly able to freely transform its body, created another mouth near her landing spot, trying to swallow her!
It’s endless!
“Rah!!”
Emi then jumped vertically high, and while in mid-air, extended a thick 【Black Tentacle】, shooting it out like a spear towards Humidafai below!
Using the 【Black Tentacle】, which easily pierced Humidafai’s body and stabbed into the ground, as support, Emi floated in the air, forming hand blades with both hands.
And from her fingertips, mana blades formed.
【Great Mantis】.
Humidafai’s body is elastic, like rubber, and probably resistant to blunt attacks.
What she needs… is slashing attacks!
“RAAAAAAHH!!”
Having realized that, Emi skillfully manipulated her 【Black Tentacles】 to fly around… swinging her extended 【Great Mantis】 like dual swords, and started slicing and dicing Humidafai!
Span!
Spaspaspaspaspann!!
Humidafai’s soft body is easily cut by the blades of 【Great Mantis】.
Emi single-mindedly sliced and diced the surrounding Humidafai.
But!
“!!”
Suddenly, sensing something flying towards her from behind, Emi stopped attacking.
She immediately manipulated her 【Black Tentacles】, turned around, and caught the flying object with her hand.
“!?”
And then, seeing what it was, even Emi was surprised!
That softball-sized object… was one of the pieces of Humidafai that she had sliced off.
It transformed into a sea slug-like shape… and flew at her!
“…!!”
Looking around in a hurry, sea slugs of various sizes were squirming on the surface of Humidafai’s body.
All of them… are pieces of Humidafai that she had sliced off!
“…Rah!!”
Quickly biting and swallowing the sea slug in her hand, Emi bent her 【Black Tentacles】, and then, like a ball, threw her body!
The sea slugs were hopping and chasing after Emi, but they were slow.
After confirming that she had created enough distance, Emi once again shot her 【Black Tentacles】 straight down, and floated in place, using them as support.
Humidafai’s body now covers the ground as far as the eye can see, leaving no place to stand.
Despite Emi’s rampage earlier, Humidafai continued to extend and spread its body, as if it didn’t even notice the damage it had taken.
The bottom of this giant hole is quite large, but now it’s all covered by Humidafai.
“…………”
Emi, swaying precariously, wiping the cold sweat from her forehead as she dodged the occasional radulae, was troubled.
This Humidafai… is just too big.
Emi rampaged with her 【Great Mantis】 earlier, creating a hole in its body, but compared to the entirety of this giant Humidafai, that’s just a pinprick.
Moreover, when she looked back at the hole, it was starting to close, sizzling.
It’s regenerating…!
<My, my, it’s really endless… As expected of Calamity Humidafai.>
Extra-sama finally spoke.