Getting Treated to Yakitori
* * *
“For now, have a seat over there.”
Following Kamasse’s instruction, I sat down on a stone bench lining the main street of Yoshanka.
There were many benches scattered throughout the town.
Or rather than benches, they looked more like discarded construction materials left as-is. But after being used as seating by people over many years, the edges had worn down, legitimizing them as proper benches by all accounts.
Putting aside the original intent, these were unmistakably benches.
Enough digression.
“What? What do you want?”
I cocked my head quizzically while gazing at Kamasse.
The match was settled yesterday, so I couldn’t fathom why he was approaching me again.
Kamasse let out a sigh at my demeanor.
“Look…you caused trouble at that food stall, didn’t you? The stall owner was in tears. What did you do to the old man…?”
“Repeating side-steps…”
“Why would you do that!?”
“I wanted to buy yakitori…”
“Anyone who wants yakitori wouldn’t do repeating side-steps until the stall owner cries! What’s wrong with you!?”
Well, it just happened in the heat of the moment, is all I can really say!
Guururururururur……!
Oops.
My stomach let out an enormous growl.
Seeing that, Kamasse furrowed his brow with a slightly troubled expression.
“…They wouldn’t sell you the yakitori, huh.”
I nodded solemnly.
Byuoooo……
Though the strong sea breeze drowned it out, I could tell Kamasse heaved another heavy sigh.
And then.
“…Here.”
“!!??”
Kamasse then offered one of the massive yakitori skewers from his hands towards me!
Eh!? This is…!?
He’s giving it to me…!?
My gaze rapidly alternated between the yakitori and Kamasse’s face over and over.
“Stop that. Quit looking back and forth between me and the yakitori at super speeds. It’s freaky…Ahem, you’re hungry, aren’t you? It’s yours.”
Uwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!
Kamasse! Kamasseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!!!
You…!
You’re actually a really good guy, you knowwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!
I forgive you!!!
I totally forgive that rude attitude when we first met and you drew your sword on me, all of it!!!
“Th…thank you.”
I was sobbing.
Once again, I found myself sobbing uncontrollably.
Expressionless, tears streamed down as I accepted the yakitori skewers from both of Kamasse’s hands.
“Ah, h-hey, you…!!”
Kamasse seemed to be saying something but I couldn’t hear it.
Delicious…the yakitori is deliciouuuuuuuuuuuuuussss!!!
“Hey! Don’t screw around! One of those was for me! Don’t eat them both! And don’t eat the skewers too, spit them out! Spit! Spit!!”
The crispy grilled skin, the juicy meat…!
The wondrous flavor like bacon, yet also like chicken thigh yakitori…!
It’s so delicious…so deliciouuuuuuuuuuuuuussss!!!
Thank you! Really, thank you so much Kamasse…!
He’s shaking my shoulders and shouting something in my ear, but sorry, I’m in no state to listen right now.
But I truly am grateful!
Thank you, Kamasse!!!
* * *
“…It was delicious.”
“Then at least look like you enjoyed it more, fool. Damn it, you ate them both…”
After the meal.
As I savored the aftertaste, fully satisfied, Kamasse grumbled at me dejectedly for some reason.
But being expressionless can’t be helped, you know.
My facial muscles are pretty much dead.
“…Well, whatever. I can just buy more Togūdo skewers later. Hey, cursed child.”
“What?”
“What’s your name?”
“Emi.”
“I see. Emi.”
Kamasse stared intently at my face before abruptly lowering his head.
“…My apologies. Emi, I caused you trouble.”
…Eh?
Kamasse’s sudden apology caught me off guard.
As I stood dumbfounded, he continued speaking.
“You see, I’m a ‘genius.'”
And then he launched into a self-praising monologue.
What is this guy going on about?
“Ever since I was young, I’ve never lost to anyone at swords or magic. Because I’m a genius, because I’m strong, I thought I could do whatever I wanted. Being called the ‘future special-rank adventurer’ and all, I got arrogant. But then you beat me…I even lost at herb gathering…it gave me a bit of a reality check.”
As he said that, Kamasse raised his face, which had turned beet red, perhaps from embarrassment.
“So…I’m sorry. And thank you. If things continued, I probably would have become even more insufferable. So, um…ah!!”
Seeming to struggle organizing his thoughts in a flustered manner, Kamasse still pressed on:
“A-Anyway! I’m going to become even more amazing and stronger than you! Just you watch! I won’t stay weaker than you forever!! See ya!!”
After that declaration, he immediately dashed off somewhere in a hurry.
<…He said what he wanted and just left, didn’t he?>
Yeah.
This is just, well, Kamasse’s quirk, I suppose.
Like how he ended the herb gathering match yesterday too.
Cutting things off before I can even react.
What a hassle.
…But.
<He doesn’t seem like an unpleasant person, does he?>
No.
Kamasse is a good guy.
He treated me to yakitori, after all.
<…>
…
<Now that I think about it, Emi.>
What is it, Extra-sama?
<You were looking for someone to accompany your herb gathering, weren’t you?>
Yeah.
<…Wouldn’t it have been fine to ask Kamasse?>
……………….
Ah.
By the time I realized it, the chance had already passed.
Kamasse had apparently left town to handle some request, so I couldn’t call out to him.
<So, what will you do now, Emi? Wait for Kamasse to return?>
Well, I could do that, but…
<…? Did you have another idea in mind?>
Yeah…I did think of one other possibility.
Since who knows when Kamasse will be back, I thought I could try that other option first.
<I think we should try anything we can.>
Right.
Okay then, I’ll head to the Kaise Forest again today.
The yakitori alone wasn’t enough to fill me up, so I may as well hunt some snakes while I’m at it.
I set off running towards the forest.
Taking the main gate was too bothersome, so I used 【Silverfish】 to scale and leap over the outer walls instead.