【Adventurer Mitran】Break Through the Ebi Eaters
* * *
“””Byagoooo!!!”””
“…………”
Countless Ebi Eaters are surging toward us through the forest of broken cylindrical water tanks!
It’s like a tsunami!
But even when faced with that terrifying sight, Emi-chan remains unfazed.
She glances at it expressionlessly, then casually thrusts her finger into the floor’s stone material and nonchalantly gouges out a piece of rubble.
“Raaaah!!”
And she throws that rubble with tremendous speed!
Whoosh!!
The rubble, launched with a sound unthinkable for stone throwing, pierces through the leading Ebi Eater and kills it.
Judging from the blood splattering even further back, it seems the rubble penetrated through the Ebi Eaters, killing several of them with a single throw.
“Aaaaah!!!”
Emi-chan repeats that at an imperceptible speed over and over!
The front line of the Ebi Eater tsunami is trampled and blasted away by Emi-chan’s stone throwing, helpless against it.
But…!
“There’s no end to them…!”
Leseida-san muttered that softly.
I nodded in agreement without a word.
No matter how much Emi-chan kills, the Ebi Eaters’ charge doesn’t stop.
This is a moment for judgment!
“Emi-chan, let’s run away from here!”
I called out to Emi-chan who was continuing to throw stones.
“I can still kill more!!”
“There’s a risk! I want to prioritize Leseida-san’s safety!”
“…Leave the rear to me.”
Good, it seems she’s convinced!
“Now! Let’s go, Leseida-san!”
“Whoa!?”
I lightly lifted up Leseida-san and started chanting!
“Wind, become a storm! And storm, weave a spear! Become an invincible great spear that pierces through anything! 【Storm Javelin】!”
Ehehe, this is an advanced magic I recently learned and became able to use!
This magic that normally consumes so much that a person can’t stand after firing it once, I can fire it as much as I want thanks to my cheat-like magic power!
There’s a big opening until it activates, but thanks to Emi-chan, we have plenty of time!
“Now… go!!”
I commanded the storm spear that had been woven in front of me while making a roaring sound over time.
Instantly, it was launched forward!
“””Byagoooo!!!???”””
The water tanks and Ebi Eaters in its path were caught up in the spear’s charge and blown away while being torn to pieces!
Afterward, what was created there was… an unobstructed, straight escape route!
“Emi-chan, follow us!”
“Understood.”
Leaving the approaching Ebi Eaters behind, we started running along that path!
* * *
“Haa, haa…”
“We somehow made it.”
“…………”
A few minutes later, having shaken off the Ebi Eaters’ pursuit and found a door leading to another room, we jumped in and took a momentary rest.
As expected, I’m a bit tired too.
I unintentionally plopped down on the spot.
Leseida-san, who had been carried by me, coughed with a red face, quickly stood up, and started checking the surroundings.
Emi-chan… despite rampaging so much earlier, is standing there looking unfazed.
Her expressionless face shows no fatigue or relief.
Looking closely… she has an incredibly cute face, but her atmosphere is a bit eerie.
Also, the door we came out of… was painted in colors similar to the surrounding stone material, devised to be inconspicuous, but… Emi-chan is sealing it by pulling out a large stone from the floor with her monstrous strength and placing it in front of the door.
At least for now, we probably don’t need to fear another attack from the Ebi Eaters.
“Hey, Emi-chan. Thank you for saving us earlier.”
Having caught my breath, I thanked Emi-chan.
It was really dangerous earlier.
It’s thanks to Emi-chan that we were able to escape this far safely.
“…I wasn’t helping you in particular. I don’t care about you.”
“Ehhh…”
But Emi-chan said that without even trying to meet my eyes…
I wonder why…
Why does she dislike me so much…?
But I can’t create a hostile atmosphere here!
The ruins exploration is probably still in its early stages!
We need to cooperate.
While making a slightly strained smile, I asked Emi-chan.
“Then, then… did you want to save Leseida-san?”
“…………”
Emi-chan nodded honestly to that question, although silently.
“Why?”
“…Looked similar to someone I know. If that face dies, I couldn’t sleep at night.
“I see, someone you know huh…”
Being told that, I somehow stared at Leseida-san’s face who was investigating the surroundings.
Well-proportioned facial features.
Almond-shaped eyes.
Beautiful silver hair.
…Huh?
Leseida-san somehow… also resembles someone I’ve met…?
Huh, huh?
Um, who was that…?
“Hey, Mitran-kun! And… Emi-kun. Could you come over here for a bit?”
Called out by Leseida-san like that, my thoughts that were wandering vaguely were pulled back to reality.
Oops, that was close!
This is the underground of the ruins full of danger!
It’s not the time to be spacing out!
I shook my head side to side to switch my mindset, then headed toward Leseida-san.
Emi-chan followed behind me with short steps.