The Three Knights of the Royal Guard and the Red-Skinned Man
* * *
And so, the Three Knights of the Royal Guard, having rushed out to the surface, came across a swarm of Riot Suppression Neverfall-kuns.
After Nikkor of the Sun Sword’s attack with his magic sword ‘Bright’, the next to move was Byun of the Wind Bow!
Byun, running around the perimeter of the circular fountain square in front of the palace, where the Neverfall-kuns were swarming, at a speed like the wind, readied his greatbow.
This greatbow is a treasured magic weapon of the royal family, granted to him by the King when he was appointed as one of the Three Knights of the Royal Guard!
“Magic bow ‘Infinite’, activate!!”
When Byun shouted its name, a green light emanated from the elegantly decorated bow shaft!
After a few moments, that light gathered at both ends of the bow shaft… and created a fantastical, glowing string, formed by mana!
“Haaaaaaaaaaah!”
Byun drew the string of light, all the way back—without an arrow… and released it!
And then, what happened!?
BYUUUUUUUN!!
Triggered by that action, an arrow, formed from magical wind with a pale green tint, was created!
And that arrow split the air, flying straight towards the swarm of Riot Suppression Neverfall-kuns… and pierced through three of them at once!
Its power is tremendous, being able to pierce through multiple Riot Suppression Neverfall-kuns, whose bodies are made of sturdy magic ore!
“Haa! Haa! Haa!”
Byun continued firing those powerful, magical arrows, one after another.
The Riot Suppression Neverfall-kuns were unable to cope with the attacks coming at them from all directions, and could only run around in confusion.
It can fire powerful, magical arrows as long as the user has mana… that is the power of the magic bow ‘Infinite’!
“Fufu… Byun-kun, you’re fired up, aren’t you?”
Shito-Shitorin of the Rain Staff, watching Byun’s valiant efforts, smiled…
“As your senior, I have to show my best performance here, too… Magic staff ‘Death Rain’… activate!”
She swung her magic staff ‘Death Rain’—larger than her height, shaped like a swirling cloud—around and around!
And then, white smoke billowed out from the hole at the tip of the staff… and it started forming something like a cloud above the Riot Suppression Neverfall-kuns.
‘““We’ll suppress you! We’ll suppress you! We’ll suppress you!””’
Of course, the Riot Suppression Neverfall-kuns aren’t just going to stand there and watch Shito-Shitorin.
They rush towards Shito-Shitorin, who is continuously swinging her staff, one after another, but…
“Yaa… Haaah!!”
They can’t get close, blocked by the giant staff, being swung around as if dancing!
This magic staff ‘Death Rain’… is extremely heavy and hard.
GOGIIN!!
GAGOGO!!
A Riot Suppression Neverfall-kun, carelessly stepping into Shito-Shitorin’s range, is struck on the side by ‘Death Rain’, sending him flying, taking down several others!
“Now… it’s about time, I suppose.”
While all of this was going on, ‘Death Rain’ continued to emit smoke, and before they knew it, a large raincloud had formed above a group of Riot Suppression Neverfall-kuns.
Shito-Shitorin glanced at the raincloud, raised ‘Death Rain’ high above her head… and slammed it onto the cobblestones… and shouted!
“【Acid Rain】!!”
ZAAAAAAAAAAH!
And then, suddenly, rain, like a squall, started pouring down from the raincloud above the Riot Suppression Neverfall-kuns!
And it’s not just any rain… it’s poisonous rain with a strong corrosive effect!
‘““We’ll suppress you! We’ll, suppress, y-y-you… Su-su-su… We’ll, chi-chi-chi-chi-chi…””’
The Riot Suppression Neverfall-kuns, drenched in the poisonous rain, their bodies melting… shut down, one after another…!
While watching his two subordinates’ valiant efforts, Nikkor of the Sun Sword continued to slash down the Riot Suppression Neverfall-kuns, one after another, wielding the sword issued to ordinary knights in his left hand, while holding his magic sword ‘Bright’ high in his right hand.
Pika!
Pika, pikaーーー!!
Then, suddenly, ‘Bright’, which Nikkor was holding up, started shining brightly!
This magic sword, ‘Bright’, can unleash a powerful blow by absorbing a certain amount of light!
With the intense light as a signal, Nikkor swung ‘Bright’ horizontally!
“【Light Flying Slash】!!”
And then, a slash of light was unleashed, at a speed that was impossible to follow with the naked eye!
The slash of light, unleashed horizontally, spread over a wide area, and once again destroyed dozens of Riot Suppression Neverfall-kuns, cutting them clean in half!
The magic sword ‘Bright’ has the disadvantage of requiring a longer charging time than the magic staff ‘Death Rain’, but its power is undeniable!
And so, the Riot Suppression Neverfall-kuns were being reduced, one after another, by the efforts of the Three Knights of the Royal Guard.
(We can do this… We can win…!)
Byun, still running around, disrupting the Riot Suppression Neverfall-kuns, was convinced of that, and grinned.
But… however.
It was too early… to think that, to let his guard down!
The next moment!
“Everyoneーーー! Gatherーーー!”
The leader of the Riot Suppression Neverfall-kuns, standing in the center of the swarm, shouted that order, jumping up and down, DOSHIN-DOSHIN!
‘““““Understoodーーー!!”””””’
And then, all the Riot Suppression Neverfall-kun stopped fighting the Three Knights of the Royal Guard and started gathering, piling up, forming a giant ball of Riot Suppression Neverfall-kuns…!
“Wh-What!?”
In the short time Byun and the others were startled by the sudden turn of events, and stopped…
Arms were formed from the spherical mass of Riot Suppression Neverfall-kun, legs were formed, a head was formed…!
“Completeーーー!! Combined Neverfall-kun, Riot Annihilation Modeーーー!!”
It transformed… into a super giant… Combined Neverfall-kun!
“Haa… Now that’s a bigger target… I appreciate it!”
Byun, although sweating, put up a brave front, and immediately resumed firing ‘Infinite’.
But Combined Neverfall-kun’s armor is… thick!
No matter how many times he fires, the wind arrows pierce Combined Neverfall-kun’s surface, but they can’t stop him!
“UWAAAAAAHーーー!!”
‘…………’
Combined Neverfall-kun, looking at Byun—who was half in a panic, his face contorted, desperately firing ‘Infinite’, unable to move—as if he was… an annoying insect…
…And then…
“Rioters and scalpers will be annihilated!”
…He swung his giant fist straight… at Byun!
“A-Ah… Ah…”
Its speed is tremendous.
Byun, enveloped in subjective time, which suddenly started flowing slowly, was—
Unable to move his legs to escape.
He could only… watch as the giant fist approached…
(Is this… the end…? Is this it…!?)
Byun, sensing his death in the approaching fist, his eyes wide with fear.
He gritted his teeth in frustration.
But… it was at that moment!
“Red Ogre Transmission, First Secret Art…”
Suddenly, Byun’s vision was blocked by a muscular, red-skinned back.
Someone got in front of Byun!
“Eh!?”
That someone, paying no attention to the surprised Byun, took a half-turned stance, his muscles bulging.
And then—
“【Red Ogre Piercing Fist】!!”
He swung his fist… towards the approaching giant fist of Combined Neverfall-kun!
And then, surprisingly!
DOGGOOOOOON!!
The result of the clashing fists!
The one that shattered and was blown away, unable to withstand the impact… was actually the fist of Combined Neverfall-kun, which should be overwhelmingly larger and heavier…!
“GAHAHAHAHA! Too light, too light!”
The red-skinned man who blew away Combined Neverfall-kun’s fist laughed heartily, swinging his arm around and around.
“Eh, eh, huh?”
Byun, who had fallen on his bottom, his legs giving out, was dumbfounded by the sudden turn of events, his mouth flapping open and closed.
And the one who spoke to this intruder, in Byun’s place… is Nikkor of the Sun Sword, the captain of the Sky Kingdom Royal Knights.
Nikkor, looking dumbfounded, said to this red-skinned man…
“Commander…!”
That’s what he called out.
“You’re the Commander now, idiot, Nikkor.”
The red-skinned man… Yuuhi, who was called out, squinted kindly, glancing at Nikkor standing next to him.
“I’ll help you, Commander-sama. You guys—are a little out of shape!!”
He said that, then once again assumed a fighting stance, facing Combined Neverfall-kun, who was recovering!
“…I’m grateful!!”
Nikkor of the Sun Sword also assumed a stance, wielding two swords in both hands, facing Combined Neverfall-kun.
“Hey, you, Onee-chan over there… and the brat who’s lying down. Don’t just stand there, dumbfounded. Hmm? Are you already too scared to move?”
Shito-Shitorin, with a sullen expression at Yuuhi’s cheap provocation, silently assumed a stance with her staff, and…
“That’s not true!”
Byun hurriedly stood up, and readied his bow, wary of this unidentified man.
“Now then… I was getting irritated too, because I couldn’t have the kind of fight I wanted… So I’m going to enjoy myself to the fullest!”
After confirming that everyone was ready, Yuuhi grinned… and, unable to hold back any longer, he attacked Combined Neverfall-kun!
“Let’s go too!!”
““Yeah!!””
A moment later, the Three Knights of the Royal Guard also attacked Combined Neverfall-kun again!
And so, the final battle in the Sky Kingdom of Neverfall… had begun!