The Princess Is a Formidable Opponent
* * *
Well, I ended up accepting the phantom princess’s invitation and headed towards the fort.
Who does she think she is, calling me a ‘weakling—even lower than a worm’?
Would I really back down after being told something like that?
Who is stronger?
Who is higher on the food chain?
I have to make that princess understand.
<Hmm… Emi really has no tolerance for taunts. Her lack of interpersonal communication experience and wild mindset is creating a rather short-tempered side to her…>
Shut up, Extra-sama!
『Help me.』
Speaking of annoying, this phantom princess is also annoying.
She keeps appearing, saying ‘Help me’, ‘Help me’, guiding me to the fort.
She’s very persistent, and I can sense a kind of impatience behind that blank face.
『Help…』
“Rah!!”
But I’m getting irritated, so I involuntarily use 【Stone Throw】.
The pebble I threw hit the princess’s forehead… and then went straight through her, landing on the mountainside, creating a small crater.
Naturally, the princess is unharmed.
Or rather, she’s a phantom, so…
<Let’s not do anything pointless…>
It’s not pointless.
It makes me feel better.
<You’re really angry…>
And here!
As if reacting to the pebble I threw… several princesses appeared at the same time!
『Help me.』
『Help me.』
『Help me.』
『Help me.』
『Help me.』
『Help me.』
And a series of ‘Help me’ calls!
AAAAAHーーー!!
So noisy, and annoyingーーー!!
<Maybe they appear in response to movement…>
To think she’d torment me this much…
I have to admit, that princess is quite a formidable opponent.
<The princess is saying ‘Help me’, so she’s someone to be rescued, not defeated…>
…Hey.
‘Help me’… huh?
<…What’s wrong, Emi?>
The fort is right in front of me.
If I walk a little further, I’ll reach a large gate, gaping open in the outer wall.
Almost there.
Soon, the fierce battle between me and the princess will begin.
<That’s not going to happen.>
But before that, I want to organize the information.
Who is that princess, anyway?
Why is she saying ‘Help me’?
What does she need help from?
What’s in this fort?
Tell me.
…You know, right, Extra-sama?
<Yes, of course. The time has come for the knowledge I learned from isekai reincarnation broadcasts to be useful.>
And then, Extra-sama, snorting, began to reveal her knowledge about the princess, at my request.
<It all started about five hundred years ago… During the filming of an isekai reincarnation broadcast called ‘Yoiyattsu War Chronicles’… there was a certain ‘broadcasting accident’…>