Crush the Mad Cult! 4
* * *
Para, para, para.
As shards of the exploding Blood Grail of Carnage rained down, Emi stood facing the cultists of ‘Purple Dual Rings’.
Dark Believer, Murder Monk, and Bloody Saint.
Having already defeated three of them, only two cultists remained.
(Damn it…… What is she!? What is that monster!!)
One of them, the man formerly known as Burning…… Fire Pastor, was trembling in fear.
A small monster who suddenly appeared and instantly slaughtered his comrades.
How could he not be afraid?
But at the same time, he couldn’t help but hate her with a passion.
Because of that monster, the cult’s Holy Grail, the Blood Grail of Carnage, was lost.
The ritual of slaughter they had been preparing for was ruined!
By the way, the royal capital citizens they had kidnapped had all escaped in the chaos of the explosion.
It would have been nice if he could have taken at least one hostage, but with the monster glaring at him, he couldn’t make any careless moves.
The current standoff was maintained only because he, Fire Pastor, and Hell Savior were both present.
If either of them showed an opening to take a hostage, the balance would collapse.
They would be picked off one by one and it would be over.
Therefore, he couldn’t move.
“”…………””
The monster, and his comrade Hell Savior, were both silent.
For some reason, they were both in similar waiting stances, glaring at each other.
Hell Savior, like her mentor Short Warp, has a bit of a battle maniac in her.
Furthermore, she’s relatively short-tempered and quick to start fights if she doesn’t like something, often killing her opponents unnecessarily.
She’s a troublesome junior under normal circumstances, but in a situation like this, facing a monster, there’s no more reliable comrade than her.
Facing the monster who had displayed such overwhelming strength, she was burning with fighting spirit and concentration, showing no fear, it was truly impressive.
Something Fire Pastor could never imitate.
……Now, back to the story.
They continued to glare at each other, the situation at a standstill.
However, if you think about it normally, ‘Purple Dual Rings’ has the advantage.
They have two people.
If they fight together, they might be able to kill that monster.
But the cowardly Fire Pastor didn’t like that ‘might’.
Carefully, surely.
That was Fire Pastor’s motto as an assassin, and one of the reasons he had survived until now.
So what should he do to surely kill that monster?
The answer was to “wait”.
The situation will turn in their favor if they wait.
Fire Pastor knew that.
So, he waited.
He waited, even while his nerves were being frayed by the terrifying 【Intimidation】 constantly emanating from the monster.
And then.
Ring…… ring…… ring……
He noticed the sound of a bell ringing in the distance, gradually getting closer.
……And a grin spread across his face.
* * *
The sound of a bell ringing in the distance.
Of course, Emi also heard it.
She noticed the sound before Fire Pastor did.
But she deliberately ignored it.
Because she sensed that the remaining two cultists she was facing were on a different level from the three she had killed before.
Their demeanor.
Their mana control.
Both were refined.
They were undoubtedly professionals who made a living through combat.
So, Emi was wary of them.
She couldn’t afford to be distracted by the sound of a bell.
She didn’t know what they would do.
So, she continued the standoff.
……To put it bluntly.
That decision was a bad move.
Emi realized that when the sound of the bell got closer and became clearly audible.
Ring, ring, ring……
This sound is getting annoying.
She thought that, and then.
“……!?”
Emi noticed.
The 【Black Arms】 extending from her shoulders…… were gradually disappearing from the tips of their claws, dissolving into a jet-black dust and melting into the air!
“What’s this!?”
The abnormality wasn’t limited to her 【Black Arms】.
Her armor, which she had created using the same method, was also melting into the air.
Her flower shop girl appearance, wearing an apron, was revealed.
Moreover, she couldn’t put strength into her body like before.
She couldn’t use 【Body Strengthening】 properly!
“As long as this bell rings, you can no longer fight.”
A hoarse voice spoke to Emi, who was unsteady, having suddenly lost her strength.
Turning towards the voice, she saw a small man standing there.
Ring, ring, ring……
The man, dressed in the same dirty robe as the other ‘Purple Dual Rings’ cultists, was holding a small bell in his hand and ringing it.
“…………”
As the man said, Emi’s current condition was probably caused by the sound of this bell.
Then she needs to stop this man immediately.
Emi quickly took out a pebble from her pocket and without a word, threw it at the man with 【Stone Throw】.
But however!
“!?”
The pebble Emi threw clearly hit the man’s forehead.
But.
For some reason.
The pebble passed right through him!
“My name is Church Bell. The sound of the church bell that tolls death. Sound cannot kill.”
Ring, ring, ring……
Church Bell muttered, still ringing the bell.
“Thanks, Church Bell.”
Fire Pastor, still wary of Emi, thanked Church Bell.
“We are comrades, no need for thanks… But, what happened? The ritual failed. Correct?”
Church Bell sighed, looking at Dark Believer and Murder Monk, dead and embedded in the stone wall, and the shards of the Blood Grail of Carnage.
“Pope-sama has finally finished his prayer. He’ll be here soon, but……”
“My apologies…… It’s all because of that brat. She’ll pay for her sins with her life.”
Saying that, Fire Pastor slowly took a step, two steps forward…… and with a clench, smashed his fists together in front of his chest!
“【Ignition】…… Flame, to my fists!!”
And then, suddenly, both of Fire Pastor’s fists burst into flames!
This is the technique he created by applying his special ability 【Ignition】, 【Flame Fist】!!
The fists, enveloped in flames, torment the opponent with heat every time they strike, setting them ablaze.
A terrifying fighting technique incorporating a special ability!
“Now, brat!! Die and apologize to our noble god!!”
As soon as he shouted that, Fire Pastor enhanced his body with full-powered 【Body Strengthening】, and with his blazing fists ready, he charged towards Emi!
The ‘Purple Dual Rings’ cultists are unaffected by Church Bell’s ‘Ability Sealing Bell’ thanks to the magic tool ‘Unfairy’ they wear around their necks.
He can attack the weakened Emi with full power.
This is the certainty Fire Pastor had been seeking and waiting for!
How can you defeat your enemy?
You just have to weaken them before you fight!
That is Fire Pastor’s fighting philosophy, which he has cultivated over his life as an assassin!
“UOOOOOOOOOHーーー!!”
The distance between Fire Pastor and Emi closed rapidly.
Fire Pastor swung back his blazing right fist towards Emi.
He was about to punch and kill her with all his might.
But at that moment.
He made eye contact with Emi.
And Fire Pastor’s body was covered in goosebumps!
This monster!
Her powers are sealed!
That’s how it should be!
But her eyes were burning!!
Were they reflecting Fire Pastor’s flames?
Absolutely not!
It wasn’t just that!
What was burning in her eyes was……!
Her fighting spirit!!
“RAAAAAAAAAAHーーー!!”
Just a few moments before Fire Pastor unleashed his fiery fist towards Emi, instead of trying to dodge, she leaped towards Fire Pastor!
Emi’s signature counterattack strategy!
And Emi, with all her might.
Fire Pastor’s face!
She punched it!!
CRACK!!
With a sickening sound, Fire Pastor was blown away, rolling on the cobblestones.
And then, his body went limp, and he never got up again.
Emi’s punch, combined with his own momentum,
Broke his neck.
“No way!? That’s impossible!?”
Church Bell, still ringing his bell, was bewildered!
“You! Your powers should be sealed! You shouldn’t be able to use 【Body Strengthening】!? Why can you fight!?”
“……That’s simple.”
Emi adjusted her stance, glaring at Church Bell and Hell Savior.
Her flower shop apron fluttering in the night breeze.
She slightly lowered her hips.
And assumed a fighting stance.
“Because, even without 【Body Strengthening】……”
She decided to tell him the answer.
“I’m…… already strong!!!”