A Broken Story
* * *
“Broadcasting accident”?
I tilted my head at Extra-sama’s words, as I walked towards the fort’s gate.
<Yes… a ‘broadcasting accident’. Simply put… the protagonist was defeated by the evil nemesis in the final battle, and died.>
BYUUWUUUN!!
At that moment, a particularly strong gust of wind blew, as if pushing me forward.
That wind… hit the gate, rattling the large, rusty, metal doors.
And before those large doors… the phantom princess is waiting.
Waiting for me to take a few more steps closer.
Ah, I see.
I think I understand.
It must have been a typical story.
That princess… was kidnapped and imprisoned by a bad guy.
And the protagonist came to rescue her.
But… he lost.
<That’s right. Therefore, the princess wasn’t saved, and the story was broken.>
So that’s why she wants ‘help’.
From someone who can replace the protagonist?
『Welcome, brave one.』
And here—
The phantom princess, standing in front of the gate, began to speak.
Perhaps I’ve gotten close enough to the gate, meeting the distance condition.
『My name is Kawayuikko Me Hi Yoiyattsu. The first princess of the great Yoiyattsu Kingdom. I am currently speaking to you through my special ability, 【Message】, and cannot converse. Please understand.』
The princess calmly sends a message to me.
Her face is still blank, as before.
Or rather, her mouth isn’t moving, even though I can hear her voice.
Perhaps her special ability, 【Message】, isn’t very good at detailed video output.
『Now then, I’m suddenly bringing this up, but I have been turned into a doll by the special ability of the evil general of the Superbad Empire, Tekigataa, and am imprisoned in this fort.』
Tekigataa?
Doll?
<Tekigataa is the name of the nemesis who defeated the protagonist. He apparently has a special ability called 【Dollfication】, and has a hobby of turning women he likes into dolls for his collection.>
Isn’t he a pervert!?
<He’s a pervert.>
『Please defeat Tekigataa and save me. I’ll give you any reward you desire. Please, please… I’m counting on you.』
And with that, the princess’s illusion vanished.
BYUUWUUUN!!
Another strong gust of wind blows.
Dust swirls violently.
The wind, hitting the gate, blew back towards me, and I involuntarily narrowed my eyes and ‘turned around’ to avoid the dust.
『Huh? You’re going back after coming this far?』
『What a coward.』
『As expected of a weakling—even lower than a worm.』
And then, triggered by that action, several illusions of the princess appeared around me!
“Who’s going back!! Who’s a weakling!? RAAAAAHーーー!!!”
I fired 【Infinite Pebbles】 in all directions, driven by anger!
Several of the pebbles hit the gate doors… and blew them away with a loud, crashing sound!
Gah… Gooo… GOOON!!
The blown away doors bounced off the inside of the fort’s outer wall… a training ground-like outdoor space… several times, before… stopping.
“…Fuu…”
I took a deep breath.
Calming myself down.
…Now then, Extra-sama.
I have a question.
<Y-You sure changed your mood quickly, Emi. What is it?>
That princess just now… she said, ‘Defeat Tekigataa’, right?
But the princess’s story… is from five hundred years ago, isn’t it?
Shouldn’t that evil nemesis or whatever be dead already?
<…Normally, that would be the case, but.>
And then Extra-sama sighed, as if she was truly exasperated.
In other words, something out of the ordinary is happening in this fort?
<Yes… Someone did something… ‘unnecessary’…>
…Ah, I have a very bad feeling about this.
『Oooohーーー!? What!? The gate’s brokenーーー!?』
And then, it was at that moment—
From inside the fort, we heard a commotion… and the sound of several… suits of armor clanking!
“Eh!?”
I peeked inside the gate, drawn by that voice… and I was so surprised that I was speechless!
Because what was there…
Wasn’t a living human being wearing armor… but—
Two moving skeletons… wearing jet-black armor!
『Oh!? Ooooh!? Look, it’s a girl! It looks like a girl has come to play with usーーー!?』
『Idiot, she’s just a kid! But it doesn’t matter! It’s our first ‘challenger’ in decades!? Gyahahahaha!!』
And then, the skeletons, finding me, looked incredibly happy… and laughed vulgarly—geta-geta!