Crush the Mad Cult! 11
* * *
“Strange Monk” Old Man.
Or “Pope” Death Pope.
This old man was once a ‘super’ honest and righteous priest of the Holy God Church.
He prayed to God every day.
And lived a pure and righteous life.
He was a truly serious person.
To the point of being annoying to the other priests around him.
He had already awakened to his gravity-manipulating special ability back then, but all he could do was ‘make his own body heavy’.
He was often ridiculed by the corrupt priests who despised him, saying, “Your special ability is as useless as mine.”
But he didn’t think so.
He thought, “Surely this special ability is a trial bestowed upon me by the Holy God.”
So he constantly activated 【Trials and Tribulations】, living his daily life while enduring its weight.
Inevitably, his work slowed down, and his reputation among his peers steadily declined.
He was increasingly ostracized.
However, thanks to that, he became strong.
The harsh, super-heavyweight training from 【Trials and Tribulations】 even caused magical physical changes, dramatically increasing his physical abilities.
To the point where he could easily crush a human to death.
The unfortunate thing was.
No one realized that fact.
Neither the corrupt priests around him.
Nor himself.
* * *
One day, there was a conflict.
To make a long story short, the rift between Death Pope and the corrupt priests, steeped in injustice and corruption, became irreparable.
To protect their own interests, the corrupt priests tried to kill Death Pope.
Death Pope easily retaliated.
So easily, so easily that he was surprised himself, he slaughtered his enemies.
He didn’t realize that the human body was so fragile.
Death Pope, who had lived a righteous life without committing any sins, was horrified by his own actions.
And he ran away.
Into the darkness, he ran, and ran, and ran.
He sought salvation.
And amidst it all, a ray of light shone upon him.
A rope extended to him, struggling in the endless quagmire.
And that was.
Unfortunately.
…The teachings of Dahachie.
The Holy God Church did not save Death Pope.
Despite living a righteous life, upholding the teachings, the Holy God Church priests ostracized him, belittled him, and even tried to kill him.
But how about the teachings of Dahachie?
How about ‘Purple Dual Rings’?
This organization was a cult, to put it bluntly, with frequent internal purges at Dahachie’s whim, but…
At least, their doctrine affirmed Death Pope’s actions.
After all, they were a cult that aimed to send souls to the Death God, Alogoros.
Killing is a virtue.
For them, Death Pope’s actions, killing many Holy God Church priests, who were heathens, were an act of extraordinary good.
Death Pope was finally accepted by someone for the first time when he joined ‘Purple Dual Rings’.
He quickly became engrossed in the teachings of ‘Purple Dual Rings’.
And while spreading misfortune to others, he rebuilt his mind.
‘Purple Dual Rings’ eventually became his everything.
He wanted to kill more people.
That’s what he came to desire.
And at the same time.
He also started to feel that he wanted to reach out to other murderers who were suffering like him.
So, when Dahachie died.
He strongly felt that his teachings must not be lost.
Therefore, while pretending to obey Ambitious’s faction, who had seized control of the organization, he had been secretly, but steadily spreading those teachings, making himself the center of it.
* * *
So, Death Pope couldn’t forgive Emi!
His comrades, who were hurt, confused, and suffering.
They must have been starting to find salvation by embracing the teachings of ‘Purple Dual Rings’ and killing many people.
And yet, that monster brutally killed them!
The work of the devil!
Truly an enemy of god!!
He absolutely cannot let her live!!!
“【Trials and Tribulations】!!”
Death Pope once again used his special ability with all his might against the tentacle monster, Emi.
He manipulated the gravity around her.
Immediately, the tentacles, which had been floating eerily in the air, were pulled to the ground, their movements sealed.
Emi, who had been dangling in the air, fell to one knee, breathing heavily.
“‘Ghost Rate’!!”
BANG, BANG, BANG!!
Then, while running, he fired his handgun repeatedly.
Unleashing all the remaining bullets!
Emi raised her arms, blocking the bullets with the jet-black armor covering her body.
It’s not a fatal wound.
But it seems to be doing some damage.
Every time a bullet hit her armor, she flinched slightly.
But Death Pope wasn’t aiming for damage with his gunshots.
These gunshots are to gauge Emi’s reaction.
She slowly moved her arm, barely assuming a defensive posture against the gunshots.
In other words, that’s the extent of her current mobility.
…Then!!
“‘Steel Face’!!”
Death Pope’s full-powered blow with the magic book!
There’s no way that monster can withstand this!
Death Pope threw away ‘Ghost Rate’, grasped the bible with both hands, and then… leaped high towards Emi!
“Oh, our noble god! Witness this!!”
And while swinging down ‘Steel Face’ as he descended from above, he shouted!
“This is the greatest… meritorious deed of my lifeーーー!!!”
Emi,
Kneeling on one knee, looking up at him.
Breathing heavily.
“What are you saying, idiot?”
She muttered.
It was the next moment.
Death Pope.
Enraged by Emi’s words.
Without even having time to do so.
“Eh…?”
He realized his body had been dismembered.
His upper body and lower body.
And both arms, above the elbow, holding ‘Steel Face’.
Just like that.
He was dismembered by some sharp ‘something’.
“Ah…?”
What happened?
After falling to the ground with a thud, Death Pope thought.
He was cut to pieces.
He understood that situation.
But how?
“Could it be…?”
Sliced apart by something invisible.
Death Pope remembered that kind of attack.
It was.
It was.
The special ability wielded by Founder Dahachie, who saved him.
…【Invisible Slash】.
“Why…?”
Why can this monster use the same special ability as Founder Dahachie?
Death Pope didn’t understand.
To begin with, he wouldn’t be able to understand no matter how much he thought about it without any information.
And he didn’t have time.
Anyway, those were Death Pope’s last words.
He died a senseless death, not knowing what was happening.
“…………”
After confirming that Death Pope was no longer moving, Emi lay down on the spot, on her back.
She retracted her 【Black Tentacles】, took a deep breath, and exhaled.
This battle was truly tough.
She needs a break.
She doesn’t think she can move anymore.
But.
But it was at that moment!
Ring!
The ominous sound of a bell echoed through the Second Plaza, which had fallen silent!
“Kuh… !?”
The jet-black armor covering Emi’s body began to disappear, turning into haze!
She somehow managed to move her body and looked towards the source of the sound.
And what she saw was…
…A werewolf, wearing white-rimmed glasses and ‘Unfairy’ around his neck, ringing the ‘Ability Sealing Bell’, was approaching Emi!