come up with 別解答
* * *
“Why is the table getting smaller every time we take a break…?”
Majurog muttered to herself, pressed her right palm against the giant magic stone next to me, and absorbed mana.
It’s training time.
I ignored the sounds of my stomach grumbling, and focused my eyes on Sensei’s hand with 【Mana Perception】.
The mana pressure, felt from Sensei’s palm, vanishes—fwoop.
Almost at the same time, mana flows in from the giant magic stone.
And she stops after a few seconds, and that’s the end of 【Absorption】.
It’s the same scene every time I watch.
By the way, she stops 【Absorption】 after a few seconds because she’ll ‘absorb too much’ if she does it longer.
If you absorb too much mana, your soul will apparently explode like a balloon, and you’ll die.
That’s called mana poisoning.
Because of that mana poisoning phenomenon, you can’t eat meat from dragons, which is full of mana, unless it’s been treated properly.
I’ve never cared about that.
<…Emi’s soul is a little special.>
…My soul is apparently special.
And it also smells bad, apparently…
And it’s a dirty color…
<Everyone is different, their constitution is different. The quality of the soul… their soul quality is also different. That’s your individuality. You don’t have to care about it! No matter what anyone says, you’re a wonderful existence, Emi!>
Thank you, Extra-sama.
Because you always praise me, I can always do my best.
<Let’s do our best to survive, and after we get outside, let’s kill a lot of people and eat a lot!>
But sometimes, the twisted things you say, which are probably a result of your position as a god, are a little scary, Extra-sama!
And please stop.
Please stop saying things like “let’s eat”.
My stomach reacts to words related to food and drink.
Ah, ah.
I’m so hungry, it’s about to twist itself into a knot…
“…How’s the progress on the 【Absorption】 training, Emi-chan?”
Sensei, looking concerned, peeked at my face, which was downcast, as I held my stomach.
“……No progress.”
I strained my voice, and briefly reported my current situation.
Half a month has passed since I started my training, aiming to master 【Absorption】.
I’ve been kneading the mana in my body night and day, trying to master mana absorption as a magic technique, but I’ve had no success.
In the meantime, the emergency food table and chairs are gradually decreasing in mass.
I can see a future where they’ll all be gone.
This is bad.
“…………”
Here.
I must have looked very dejected, even though I’m supposed to be expressionless.
Sensei hugged me tightly.
Sensei’s prosthetic body is soft and warm and…
It looks incredibly delicious.
“Stop.”
I hurriedly pulled away from Sensei’s hug, and took a step back.
“Kakaka… Emi is a shy one.”
Sensei, misunderstanding, laughed it off.
I closed my eyes, turned away, and pretended to be angry.
Meanwhile, I’ll get rid of my distracting thoughts.
No.
No.
Sensei isn’t meat.
Even though her soul is that of a dirty old man, there’s no doubt that she’s a kind person.
She has a likable personality, and she’s talented.
She’s probably a wonderful person that many people have looked up to.
I can’t eat her.
And she said that body is a Magic Prosthetic Body.
It’s probably not as tasty as normal meat.
I shouldn’t look at Sensei that way.
Besides, if I’m going to do it, I have to kill her in a single blow.
I don’t know how much magic… how many secret techniques she’s hiding.
It’s too risky for a weakened me.
Can I even unleash a 【Magic Strike】 strong enough to crush her head right now?
Would just crushing her head kill Sensei, who is a living doll?
I don’t even know that.
No.
I can’t, no matter what.
“Fuuu…”
I took a deep breath, and somehow managed to calm my emotions.
“How about you, Sensei?”
And then, to change the subject, I asked about her situation.
“About half, I’d say.”
Sensei, stretching, looked at the unfinished magic circle.
As she said, it’s now a half-moon shape.
It’s a half-moon filled with complex symbols and figures.
Looking at it makes my head spin.
“This Magic Prosthetic Body’s specs are better than what I had expected. I should be able to reduce the construction time quite a bit. I’m in a hurry too, so we can’t give up hope.”
Sensei, looking straight into my eyes, said that, encouraging me.
Half.
Half-moon, half finished.
So, is it going to take half a month to complete the teleportation magic circle?
<It’s not that simple. Although she can reduce the construction time, it was originally a task that was expected to take a month and a half. It’ll take a little longer.>
Extra-sama gave me a calm, supplementary explanation… but her voice was trembling.
With the emergency food supply becoming increasingly scarce.
Another month.
If I can learn 【Absorption】, that’s fine.
But what if I can’t?
Will I be able to endure the hunger for another month?
“…………”
My heart is full of impatience.
…For example.
Is there no other way to escape?
Other than waiting for the teleportation magic circle to be completed?
“…………”
I stared at the giant magic stone.
I can’t use 【Absorption】 right now, but—
If I eat stones or anything else, I can absorb mana.
And this giant magic stone is the power source of the Great Prison of Delenezo.
The barrier protecting the walls and floors of this facility is also made possible by this power source.
In other words.
“…………!”
I suddenly came up with an idea.
A way for me to forcibly escape from the sludge-filled Great Prison of Delenezo.
An alternative solution.
But, no.
That’s impossible.
Because that would mean… I’d be abandoning Sensei.
“…………”
I shook my head, and immediately rejected that idea.
And after stumbling a bit, I reached out my hand.
And touched the giant magic stone again.
I restarted my trial-and-error process for learning 【Absorption】.