The Outcome of the Battle
* * *
“Ha… Hahahaha? Ihihihihi!”
“The one who will kill is me. The one who will die is you.”
Such a calmly delivered declaration.
The one who said it was a small cursed child.
An expressionless cursed child who showed no fear or hesitation in front of this “self.”
An arrogant cursed child.
An impudent cursed child.
To that cursed child.
“Don’t fuck with me, you brat!!”
Ibrabarleg shouted in a rage!
“Kill me!? You damn brat, don’t get cocky just because I haven’t gotten serious yet!! Don’t mess with me, you idiot!!”
While shouting, the remnants of Ibrabarleg’s rationality were surprised that such rough words, which he usually didn’t use, were flowing out of his mouth so smoothly.
Are these his own words?
Could it be that ‘Soul Devourer’ is making him say these things?
A faint, unidentifiable anxiety arose.
A sense of crisis.
But… such things quickly disappeared.
That’s right… he had already accepted ‘Soul Devourer’.
In other words, he was now both Ibrabarleg and ‘Soul Devourer’.
It was nothing for ‘Soul Devourer’ to use Ibrabarleg’s mouth to speak.
What was he feeling anxious about? It was truly foolish.
Now, he would surrender himself to this passion and kill the small, fearless, filthy brat in front of him.
That was the important thing.
“You’ve crossed the line, you little shit! I won’t kill you easily!! I’ll tear you apart while you’re still alive and suck your soul!! Get ready!!”
“…………”
One step, two steps.
Ibrabarleg, getting up from the pile of rubble, advanced towards the cursed child while shouting and threatening.
In contrast, the cursed child was still calm.
Rather… she sneered at such an Ibrabarleg and provoked him.
“Then hurry up and get serious.”
“Aaaaaah!?”
“Are you going to repeat the same thing as before? I’ll kill you next time.”
Saying that, the cursed child took a fighting stance.
“You said it! Don’t regret it later!? Haaaaaah!!”
He had already decided to go all out without holding back.
He would not save the spare souls he had accumulated before falling asleep, but consume them all at once!
He would put all his effort into strengthening this body!
“Ooh… AAAAAAH!!!”
He shouted even louder than before.
A scream that was almost like a shriek!
And then, the next moment!
His body… swelled up greatly!
Rip, snap snap, crack!!
The physical change of Ibrabarleg’s body as it swelled up while making eerie sounds was no longer a change that could be explained by muscle pumping up!
His arms and legs became as thick as logs, and his height had grown to about twice its original size!
What in the world was happening!?
Where did the law of conservation of mass go!?
There was no one here to answer such questions or even care about such things in the first place!
“Ow… it hurts! It hurts! But, aaaah, ah… Ihihihi… Ihihihi…!”
And that physical change… must have been quite reckless.
Now, the skin of Ibrabarleg’s enlarged body was torn, exposing his muscles.
Blood was gushing out here and there, and there were even bones protruding in strange directions.
However, he seemed to be gradually getting used to the pain that accompanied this change.
His groans had turned into eerie laughter at some point, and he rolled his eyeballs, which had been showing the whites of his eyes due to the pain, and with a distorted smile, he looked down and glared at the tiny cursed child on the other side of the room!
And then…!
“…Huh?”
He let out a dumbfounded voice.
Because!
At the time when his body was undergoing a dramatic change for the sake of battle without considering the consequences!
A major change was also occurring in the body of the small cursed child he was facing!
What was this major change?
In short!
To put it simply!
Tentacles!!
In place of the black cloth-like thing she was wearing, there were ten black tentacles!
They were extending from around her shoulders and wriggling!!
“W-What the!? What the hell is thaaaaat!?”
Ibrabarleg, unable to keep up with the situation, widened his eyeballs and shook his huge body in a panic!
But the cursed child was still calm and expressionless in contrast!
“…………So?”
Turning her black eyes, from which no emotion could be read, straight towards the unsightly giant!
The cursed child…
The traveler Emi Rune said!
“It’s okay to kill you now, right?”
The next moment, Emi’s 【Black Tentacles】 stretched out at a terrifying speed and attacked Ibrabarleg’s huge body!
One, two, three!
Ibrabarleg’s muscles, which should have gained a frightening level of toughness as a living creature’s body, were pierced one after another by the tentacles!
“Ow!? Ugh!? Don’t underestimate meee!!”
Enduring the pain, Ibrabarleg tried to remove the tentacles by grabbing them!
But that was a bad move!
An extremely bad move!
By wasting time on such an action, he created an unnecessarily large opening!
…Emi would not overlook that opening!
“Raaaaaah!!”
After a particularly loud howl, Emi put all her strength into her tentacles… the three tentacles combined into one especially sturdy one… and swung it down towards Ibrabarleg.
The target was Ibrabarleg’s right arm.
The right arm that was holding the magic sword ‘Soul Devourer’!
“Ah!?”
…It was a tremendous speed.
By the time Ibrabarleg noticed, his right arm was already.
Severed from the elbow down.
He had no way of knowing, but this was a combination of Emi’s multiple unique abilities.
In other words, it was the result of enveloping 【Black Tentacles】 with the cutting ability 【Praying Mantis】.
Her unceasing training of unique abilities.
Even the arm of a hardened giant that had transformed into a different form, it showed the result of being able to cut it off right here and now!
And then.
Clang, clatter…
The magic sword ‘Soul Devourer’, separated from Ibrabarleg’s hand, bounced on the floor of the ruins twice.
…And rolled into the large hole that had opened earlier, leading to even deeper underground of the ruins.
At that moment, Ibrabarleg’s thoughts, which had seemed hazy the whole time, suddenly became clear.
Ibrabarleg was startled.
And in his mind, countless questions surfaced.
What was that emotional, amateurish battle just now!?
Why was he fighting in such a dangerous underground ruins without securing an escape route!?
What was the point of making his body bigger!?
How did he intend to get out!?
Why did he make such a decision!?
He thought he should be able to figure it out if he thought about himself, but for some reason, it wasn’t working out.
The basis for that decision seemed to have rolled away somewhere and couldn’t be found.
“Ah, aaaah!? Agaaaah!?”
And furthermore!
The pain that accompanied the physical change, which he should have been able to endure until now!
The pain from the wounds inflicted by Emi’s tentacles!
They all started to assault Ibrabarleg at once!
“Aaaaaaaaaaah!?”
Ibrabarleg could no longer even stand.
He collapsed on the spot and rolled on the floor, groaning in pain.
Emi looked down at such a pitiful deformed giant… and gathered her tentacles into a pair of huge arms.
It was 【Black Arms】.
She interlocked the fingers of those rugged, hard, and fearsome two arms in an alternating manner, forming a shape as if praying.
And then, aiming at the head of Ibrabarleg, who was writhing in pain.
She brought it down with all her might.
…No further description is necessary.
Ibrabarleg died.
* * *
“…………”
The enemy was dead.
However, the collapse of the ruins did not end.
Zuzuzuzunnn, crea, creak creak, zuzaaaaaah!
With a roaring sound, rocks and sand continued to fall from the ceiling one after another.
It was as if this roar was the death throes of these malicious ruins.
Emi thought of such a carefree thing.
“…………”
Now, in the midst of the collapsing ruins, Emi looked around.
The stairs leading to the outside of the ruins had been blocked quite early on, and by now, it was impossible to even tell where those stairs had been.
No matter how fast Emi’s feet were, it would also be impossible to go through the regular route and return to the surface now.
In other words, Emi was completely trapped in this deep underground.
However, she was expressionless.
Without showing any agitation, she just stood there, gazing at the underground space that was gradually being buried.
Just as the deformed giant’s body was completely buried in the debris.
The ceiling above Emi finally collapsed, and a large amount of debris along with large rocks came pouring down towards her.
She just stared at that sight.