Defensive Wall Completed!
* * *
A large “stone slab” advances through the forest.
Occasionally colliding with the branches of nishakasha trees blocking its path, but undeterred, it breaks them as it moves forward. The massive stone is about 1 meter thick and 5 meters high.
Why does the stone move forward on its own?
The answer is simple.
Hidden in the thicket, and hardly visible from afar due to the large size of the stone, I, Emi-chan, am carrying that massive stone all by myself!
That’s right, alone!
<As always, your monstrous strength is astounding. But you will still grow more. Let’s aim even higher!>
Yes, Extra-sama.
While I’m glad you praise me, the part I actually want you to focus on is not my strength.
I already knew I could easily carry a stone of this level.
More importantly!
I’m acting “alone” for the first time in a while!
This is more important to me.
<Ah…… That’s because the number of perverted old geezers at the base has increased by one.>
That’s right.
Earthcell, the perverted old geezer who came to the base yesterday.
That old man may be a pervert, but he’s quite strong.
Strong enough to be entrusted with guarding the old man.
So now, I’m acting alone for the first time in a while.
I don’t dislike the old man, but being alone is more relaxing after all.
Not having someone to protect means I don’t have to be on guard.
If it’s just me, I can walk through this demon realm forest, even at this level, like taking a stroll.
“Migyaaaa!”
Oops.
A foolish three-eyed snack suddenly leaped out of the thicket and charged at me.
<While suppressing magic leakage and such with 【Presence Concealment】 to lure them in, I must say it’s foolish to attack a being capable of carrying such a massive stone. What a reckless creature.>
Maybe it thought I couldn’t counterattack with both arms occupied by the massive stone?
“Migya……”
But unfortunately, I have 【Magic Slash Threads】.
The foolish snack…… the Forest Topopolock couldn’t even get close to me before being sliced into pieces by invisible threads and died as scattered chunks of meat.
For now, I kick up the thigh meat and chew on it in my mouth as I walk.
Is it bad manners to eat while walking?
<I don’t think that’s the issue when you’re eating raw meat with bones and all.>
……Now then.
Why am I carrying a massive stone right now, you ask.
This is a job requested by the perverted old geezer.
He seems to want to use this massive stone as material for defensive walls to protect the base.
Apparently, it’s possible to create defensive walls with just the perverted old geezer’s magic.
But to create defensive walls for long-term continuous use, it inevitably requires a lot of time and magic power.
That’s why materials are needed.
Using this massive stone I’m carrying as material, he will reinforce it with magic to create defensive walls.
Doing so allows him to ‘create sturdy defensive walls and it’s overwhelmingly more efficient!’, he said.
Since it’s for the safety of our own base, I’ll gladly cooperate in helping build the defensive walls.
I’ve been cutting out massive stones with 【Mantis】 and transporting them while going back and forth between the cliffs of the Nanga Mountains and the base multiple times!
……I’m a bit miffed that the perverted old geezer can build the defensive walls I couldn’t make well……
<It can’t be helped. People have their strengths and weaknesses. The right person in the right place. That perverted old geezer is a creator skilled at making things. Emi, you are a genocider skilled at destroying things and killing enemies. That’s all there is to it.>
What do you think I am, Extra-sama!?
I’m not a cruel and merciless weapon of destruction, you know!
* * *
Now then.
When I returned to the base, the old man and the perverted old geezer were having a meeting while drawing diagrams on the ground.
Around them were the corpses of several Grim Reaper Wolves.
It seems the old geezer properly fulfilled his role as the old man’s bodyguard while I was away.
Good, good.
By the way, the old geezer isn’t wearing panties on his head right now.
I don’t really understand the difference between when he wears them and when he doesn’t.
In the first place, I don’t get what’s so enjoyable about wearing panties on your head.
Now then, that perverted old geezer, upon seeing me emerge from the forest, energetically hopped up.
“Foooh~~~! Welcome back, Emi-chan! I’m the one who asked, but to think you could carry such a massive stone…… Wait, what’s with that blood smeared around your mouth……”
“…………”
What’s with that slightly strained smile?
I’ll punch you.
“Well, thanks to you, it’s a big help! This will shorten the construction period by several months! Now, could you place that stone next to the one from earlier?”
“Got it.”
With a thud, the massive stone stood on the ground.
“‘Earth, open your mouth and swallow the enemy! 【Pit】!'”
Next, as the perverted old geezer chanted, a hole was created in the ground below the massive stone with earth magic. The massive stone sank a little into the hole and stabilized.
According to the perverted old geezer, he’s creating holes that fit the shape of the stones perfectly to increase stability, and this is not something anyone can do.
<Yes, that’s correct. Originally, 【Pit】 is a magic for creating round pitfalls. Making fine adjustments to the shape of the hole is indeed unassuming, but being able to apply and utilize chanted magic to this extent is astonishing.>
“Foooh~~~! Next! ‘Earth, become a wall and protect me! 【Wall】!'”
The magic the perverted old geezer used next was 【Wall】, the same magic he used yesterday to create our house.
However, the way he’s using it is different from yesterday.
Receiving the perverted old geezer’s magic, the surrounding earth rises and begins to move as if it has a will of its own.
And it quickly fills the gaps between the massive stones I placed.
With this, the foundation for the defensive wall in this section is complete.
“Foooh~~~! I’m getting the hang of it! While I’m at it! ‘Rock, become sharp spears and pierce the enemy! 【Rock Spear】!'”
The perverted old geezer chants that while tapping the completed defensive wall!
“…………?”
But nothing seems to have happened.
“Hey…… Earthcell-dono, what was that just now?”
The old man looks puzzled too.
“You’ll understand if you look from the forest side! Follow me!”
Doing as told, the old man and I went around to the back of the defensive wall and understood.
On the upper part of the defensive wall on the forest side, countless sharp, spear-like thorns are protruding.
“This is a countermeasure against Zamago Toads! They’re quite smart too! If there are thorns on the defensive wall, they won’t even try to jump over it! Forest Topopolocks trying to climb the wall will be repelled by this too!”
“”Ooh.””
The old man and I inadvertently let out exclamations of admiration!
This Earthcell is truly a capable old geezer.
<If only he wasn’t a pervert……>
Extra-sama secretly sighed.
“If only he wasn’t a pervert……”
The old man also muttered the same thing in a small voice.
* * *
For the next few days, I diligently continued transporting stones.
Now the defensive wall has grown considerably, surrounding the base except for one part.
To fill that last remaining gap, I returned from the cliffs of the Nanga Mountains carrying a massive stone as usual.
Thud!
I place the massive stone in the gap of the defensive wall.
“Foooh~~~! Emi-chan! Come inside through the gap!”
Prompted as such, I enter the base, where the old man and the perverted old geezer are.
“Alrighty! Now for the finishing touch! ‘Earth, open your mouth and swallow the enemy! 【Pit】!'”
The last massive stone sinks a little into the ground.
“‘Earth, become a wall and protect me! 【Wall】!'”
The gaps between the massive stone and the surrounding defensive wall are filled with earth.
“‘Rock, become sharp spears and pierce the enemy! 【Rock Spear】!'”
Sharp thorns are formed to prevent the intrusion of external enemies.
“With this, the defensive wall is complete~~~!”
The perverted old geezer raises his fist and lets out a war cry!
I…… look around and gaze up at the walls surrounding us.
This place that was once just a forest.
Cutting down trees, creating fields, building walls……
It’s gradually being developed into an environment where people can live.
Somehow……
I feel deeply moved.
“Here, Emi, take this.”
As I was trembling with emotion, the old man offered me something from the side.
It’s a cup made by the perverted old geezer’s earth magic before.
Inside, there is sparkling, beautiful water and…… puckervine.
This puckervine is “sugarvine.”
In other words, this is sugarvine water.
It’s a delicious drink with a refreshing sourness devised by the old man.
“Foooh~~~! Thank you!”
The perverted old geezer also happily accepted a cup.
“……Now then! By combining all our efforts, we have successfully completed the defensive wall surrounding the base! Going forward, there are still many things to do, such as creating a gate, a moat, a waterway…… and a road! But for today! Let us praise each other’s efforts! And raise a toast to the completion of the defensive wall!…… Cheers!”
“”Cheers!””
After listening to the old man’s speech, we clink our cups together and gulp down the sugarvine water.
Delicious.
“Phew~~~! It’s good! If we had alcohol, it would’ve been perfect!”
“Even if we had alcohol, I wouldn’t bring it out here. I can’t let Emi drink it.”
“I see! My bad! Fwahahaha!”
The old man and the perverted old geezer laugh together.
It’s strange.
Just a few days ago, they were complete strangers, but now they’re standing side by side drinking sugarvine water.
Now, a strong bond of trust has been formed between us.
The old man with a villain’s face, said to be a great sinner.
The super capable but perverted old geezer.
And me, the cursed child.
We all have our own circumstances.
But even so, to the extent that we don’t care about such things.
Right now, we are “comrades.”
“……Emi-chan, you worked hard too! You’re the most deserving one!”
Earthcell came over to me this time.
“It’s nothing, really……”
“It may be nothing to you, Emi-chan…… But we are truly helped by you! Thank you!”
“…………”
……Praised?
<Yes, you were praised.>
I was praised.
Um, um, what should I do when I’m praised, Extra-sama?
<Well, to “praise” Emi is somewhat disrespectful! We should educate them to revere you!>
Alright, let’s ignore this one.
Um, um……
“…………”
Somehow, I was so embarrassed that I ended up only being able to turn away in silence.
Earthcell gently looked at me like that……
“……Emi-chan. I might be able to entrust this to you……”
He muttered softly.
“Huh?”
“I’d be happy if you accept it without a word!”
Saying that, Earthcell took something out of his pocket and firmly pressed it into the palm of my hand.
Earthcell opens his rough hand.
At that moment, the gift from him that caught my eye was……
Panties.
I punched the perverted old geezer and sent him flying.
The strong bond of trust easily shattered.
Earthcell has been using 【Wall】 to create houses and such, but if asked whether there are no chanted spells specifically for “building houses” in this world in the first place, there are.
They exist, but they have been lost.
Why, you ask? It’s because if such magic existed, most houses would be built with magic, and construction-related techniques would be lost. So there were protests from construction gods and others to the magic god.
The magic god created them, but there are quite a few chanted spells that were complained about like this and couldn’t be used.