The General Skeleton 1
* * *
The battle began the moment after General Tekigataa swung his greatsword.
Or rather—
“Rah, a-aaaah!!”
I couldn’t hold back, and driven by my physiological disgust, I involuntarily picked up pebbles from the floor and started using 【Stone Throwing】.
Yes… disgust.
I felt an incredible sense of disgust from the mana emitted by General Tekigataa.
The amount of mana he possesses, which I can feel with my skin, is enormous.
But that’s not the point.
The problem is how he uses it.
General Tekigataa has been emitting a vast amount of mana since the moment he swung his greatsword.
But it’s not for 【Intimidation】.
If anything, it’s like my 【Mana Sensing Threads】… mana for probing.
That sticky, viscous mana—is clinging to my whole body.
…It’s disgusting!!
『Gufufu, gufufu.』
But even seeing my pebbles flying towards him, one after another, General Tekigataa isn’t fazed.
He easily blocks them all, moving his greatsword languidly.
Clang, clang, clang, clang, clang, clang!
The pebbles I threw hit the blade of his greatsword, bouncing off and disappearing with those light sounds.
And his greatsword… doesn’t even have a single scratch on it!
<That greatsword is a masterpiece, Emi! On top of that, it’s been strengthened with a vast amount of mana. It’ll be difficult to destroy it!>
Extra-sama shouts her assessment.
In other words, there’s no point in continuing to use 【Stone Throwing】.
Then, how about this!
『Gufufu… Hmm?』
The next moment, General Tekigataa let out a confused voice.
He shielded his skull with his greatsword to block the pebbles flying towards his face.
And then, after hearing the sound of the pebbles bouncing off, he immediately moved his greatsword again to regain his vision.
That movement only took a split second.
And yet—
In that moment, when he looked away—
My figure… had suddenly disappeared from his sight.
『Gufufu.』
But General Tekigataa isn’t panicking.
Because he’s sensing my movements, with his sticky mana filling the room.
『Above me!』
Shouting that, General Tekigataa ran across the ceiling, moving to his blind spot, and swung his greatsword at me, who was trying to surprise attack him from above!
“Tch!!”
I, my aim thwarted, fired a 【Black Tentacle】 towards the floor as an anchor, and by pulling myself towards it, I narrowly dodged the greatsword.
<That greatsword… is dangerous.>
Yeah, it’s dangerous.
If I’m careless, my body will be cut.
Well, what am I saying, facing a bladed weapon… Of course, I’ll be cut if I’m slashed, but.
My body is tough.
There aren’t many blades that can cut me.
But that’s different.
Combined with General Tekigataa’s skill—
That greatsword… can kill me!
“RAAAAAH!!”
Landing on the floor on all fours, without a moment’s delay, I fired a number of 【Black Tentacles】!
Deploying them to surround General Tekigataa… I started stabbing—from all directions!
『Gufufu, fufufu!』
But… ah, how frustrating!
General Tekigataa is still at ease!
He’s laughing happily, effortlessly manipulating his greatsword as if he were swinging a twig, instantly slicing my 【Black Tentacles】!
“Rah!!”
Next, I kicked off the floor and onto the ceiling, and then kicked off the ceiling and onto the floor, moving violently in all directions, searching for an opening.
But it’s no use.
The moment I try to step in, he reacts perfectly.
If I get close carelessly, I’ll be cut in half.
The advantage of a greatsword—is its reach.
The disadvantage—is that it’s not very maneuverable.
That’s how it should be… but General Tekigataa, with his exceptional skill, honed over five hundred years, has completely negated that disadvantage.
As a result, I can’t get close at all.
I can’t land a blow!
I have no choice but to give up on close combat.
“Rah, aaaah!!”
I jumped back, and this time, I bundled my 【Black Tentacles】 together, creating a giant sword.
A jet-black greatsword… 【Black Greatsword】… that even slashed the legendary giant squid!
『Gufu, a greatsword against a greatsword, huh? Gufufufufu.』
“RAAAAAAH!!”
I rushed at General Tekigataa, who laughed leisurely, and… slammed down my 【Black Greatsword】 from above!
But…!
『You’re too naiveーーー!!』
General Tekigataa’s greatsword, swung upwards with that shout—
Crashed against my 【Black Greatsword】.
And at that moment!
ZUPAN!!!
With that short, but tremendous roar!
My 【Black Greatsword】!
Was cut clean in half… and turned into black mist!
『Gufufu, you wanted more reach, didn’t you?』
“…………”
To me, hurriedly retreating again, General Tekigataa said—
『But of all things, to challenge me, using a greatsword… Did you think that would work!?』
Raising his voice slightly… for the first time, with a hint of anger, he shouted at me!