Bring Down the Ancient Aerial Fortress! 4
* * *
“Heeeeeeey! Engeeee! Why, why can’t I devour soulsーーー!?”
Despite firing the 【Red Magical Beam Cannon】, the number of souls absorbed: 0.
Upon seeing this result, Megzam, sitting on the throne in the control room, stomped his feet and screamed!
With bloodshot eyes and drool dripping from his mouth, no one would consider him sane.
<Huh? Huh? Huh? Hold on, Partner, currently scanning… Ah!? East side of the royal capital, almost no human life signs? There’s almost no one there!? What!? Why!?>
Engee activated ‘Soul Conqueror’s’ various scanning functions while ignoring Megzam’s shouts.
And what was revealed was that surprising fact.
<Why, why, why!? Ah, aaaaaahーーー! Aaaaaahーーー!?>
‘Soul Conqueror’s’ camera, searching for the cause, captured a certain scene.
After zooming in repeatedly, what they finally saw was… on the main street, running straight through the royal capital from west to east, Ashgo Kingdom soldiers were guiding the citizens, presumably the residents of the royal capital, to evacuate to the outskirts, except for the east side where ‘Soul Conqueror’ is floating!
Their armor was already battered, as if they had just been through a battle… Some soldiers were even working with their arms in slings.
The citizens also seemed to be cooperating, and they could even see a tough-looking young man desperately running with an old man on his back.
“Aaaaaahーーー!? What are you doing, heeeeey!? That’s my food, give it back, YOU BASTAAAAARDS!?”
Megzam, seeing that footage displayed on the screen, spat and went into a frenzy!
…Megzam and Engee, who had climbed up Mihabyushira Hill and were hiding in the control room since yesterday afternoon to prepare for the activation of ‘Soul Conqueror’, had no way of knowing this, but…
Actually, the evacuation of the residents of the eastern part of the royal capital… especially those living near the Third Plaza… had already begun secretly, led by the country, even before ‘Soul Conqueror’ rose into the air.
Because news of the coup d’état by Duke Daychib’s faction had already reached the royal castle.
Prime Minister Bokji had made a swift decision… to minimize the damage, while not alerting the Duke Faction… to secretly evacuate the residents.
And that’s not all. This night was also filled with the Demon Lord’s army attack, and then the cult’s rampage… it wasn’t a situation where ordinary citizens could sleep peacefully.
So, actually, many residents, in a fairly wide area, beyond the area designated by Prime Minister Bokji… had begun to evacuate to the outskirts of the royal capital on their own.
That’s why, despite the fact that a superweapon like the 【Red Magical Beam Cannon】, which could be considered an out-of-place artifact in modern Ardyst, was fired at the residential area… there were no casualties.
Such a miraculous result!
“Aaaaaaaaaahーーー!! Damn, damn, damnnn iiiit!! One more time! Fire that 【Red something】 againーーー!!”
Click, click, click, click, click, click!
Megzam glared at the display with bloodshot eyes, repeatedly pressing the red launch button with his thick finger!
But!
Pepepe-popope-pomyun!
All that happened was a weak, cute sound coming from the speaker built into the control panel!
The sound effect for operation failure!
The red bar that should have been displayed on the screen before, wasn’t appearing this time!
<Aaaah… sorry, Partner… that thing, it has a cooldown time… So, you’ll have to wait, okay?>
“Whaaaatーーー!?”
Megzam, frustrated, stomped his feet and pulled at his bushy beard, tearing out chunks!
“Anything else!? Are there any other weapons!? My food is wandering around out there! I have to kill them, don’t Iーーー!!”
After ripping out his beard, Megzam scratched his face until it bled, and asked Engee.
Megzam was originally a short-tempered man, but ever since he tasted the flavor of souls, he’s become especially impatient when it comes to killing.
His body, starved for the pleasure of soul absorption, began to tremble, and beads of sweat ran down his face.
<I-Ihihi… There are some, but they’re limited… Even for a single cannonball, it’s not being manufactured anywhere in this world, where technology has completely declined, so it’s a waste to use them… And I can’t deploy other magical beam weapons until I absorb more souls…>
“Shut… uuuupーーー!!”
<Ah, stop shouting, stop shouting! Geez, fine, I get it! Then I’ll send out the remote-controlled, ultra-compact fighter jets! Don’t break them with your clumsy handling!? …Press the green triangle button!!>
“Alrightーーー!!!”
And Engee, judging that if he left Megzam alone, he’d start rampaging inside the control room…
…Decided to distract this troublesome ‘leg’ with a new toy.
But.
Just as Megzam, with an evil grin, raised his right hand above his head to slam down on the button…
BEEEEEEEEEEーーー!!!
A sharp alarm suddenly rang throughout the control room, and the magic lamps illuminating the room in pale blue, turned red!
“<Wh-What the hell!?>”
Megzam and Engee were both surprised by the sudden turn of events and screamed!
But unlike Megzam, who was panicking, Engee quickly calmed down and operated the system of ‘Soul Conqueror’, where he’s possessing, to confirm the cause of the alarm.
And it was immediately revealed.
<Haaaah!? What, what is thisss!?>
Someone… was climbing up towards the main body of ‘Soul Conqueror’… using the purple magical cables that are still connected to the ground, absorbing a small amount of mana!
Engee immediately turned the camera towards that someone, and displayed the footage on the screen for Megzam to see.
And then, to make it clear, he zoomed in on the screen, as it was just a speck at its original size.
As a result.
“Th”
Megzam.
<Th>
And Engee too.
“<That’sーーー!!?>”
…They screamed!
Because both Megzam and Engee recognize ‘that’… currently climbing up the magical cables at incredible speed, as if defying gravity!
That small figure, clad in a jet-black, armor-like garment!
With black hair flowing behind her, and her black eyes staring straight at ‘Soul Conqueror’ as she runs, that!
That beautiful yet intimidating girl, with extraordinary power dwelling within her, her name is!
…Emi Rune!!
She made a promise with the old woman who’s gone!
That she’d leave flowers on top of Mihabyushira Hill!
And yet, that hill… rose into the air?
Such a thing… is unforgivable!!
“RAAAAAAAAAAH!!!”
Therefore, Emi climbs!
Why did the hill rise into the air, what’s its purpose… she doesn’t care about any of that!
She’ll return Mihabyushira Hill to its original location!
…To fulfill her promise!!
【Megzam】
He, who should have been nothing more than a minor character, defeated at the very beginning of a hero’s story…
…Attacked the ‘heroine’.
Became a tomb raider.
And then, he met a magic sword.
Committed further atrocities.
And finally, he became true evil, plotting a massacre!
Now, Emi!
The traveler, Emi Rune!
Crush… this evil that wreaks havoc indiscriminately!!
Crush… this evil that spreads destruction!
…With all your might!!