Destroy the Atmo Sphere!
* * *
“……You’ve really done it now……intruder!”
A giant woman’s figure is displayed, filling the monitors on the inner walls.
She has the form of a voluptuous woman, with cloud-like white hair reaching her shoulders, wearing a sky-blue dress, with four pairs of transparent, dragonfly wing-like things growing from her back.
And at the same time… a synthesized voice echoed from the speakers in the control room!
“You’ve broken my Sky Kingdom, Me, Me, me, me…… I won’t forgive you…… I won’t forgive you, I won’t forgive you!!”
That synthesized voice was a quiet, woman’s voice.
But even though it was quiet, there was anger.
An intense, boiling anger was definitely contained in that voice.
And as if to express that anger, the giant jewel, which had been shining in seven colors, floating in the center of the control room, turned completely red, flickering in sync with the woman’s words!
“Ah, um! That appearance… could it be that you are… the Great Spirit, Atmo, protector of this country!?”
Air, the girl Emi was holding, suddenly started saying that, to the woman on the screen, while Emi was thinking ‘This jewel is kind of flickering and distracting.’
Air wriggled, got down on the floor, and faced the woman on the screen, although unsteadily.
“Hmm… Indeed, indeed, indeed. My name is Atmo. Great Spirit Atmo. Sacrificial Princess, it’s the first time I’ve spoken to you, but if you’re a member of the royal family, you must have heard of me, right? The heavenly beauty with a pale blue jewel shining on her forehead… That, that, that’s me!”
“Um…”
Air was speechless, facing Atmo, who described herself as ‘The heavenly beauty with a pale blue jewel shining on her forehead’.
Because…
…In the place where Atmo’s face should be displayed… King Sekiran is embedded… and because of the humanoid hole, and the cracks spreading around it, that part of the screen is obscured!
“Hmm, hmm, hmm. You must be captivated by my beauty. Ho-ho-ho, I commend your good taste, ho-ho-ho.”
But Atmo, unaware of that fact, interpreted it favorably and laughed magnanimously.
And then, the redness of the giant jewel faded slightly, and its light started to take on a slightly yellowish hue.
This jewel seems to change its color depending on Atmo’s mood.
Emi started to find that light slightly annoying.
“Why… Why… are you laughing!?”
Air suddenly started shouting.
Emi was startled and turned her gaze from the jewel to Air!
“The Sky Kingdom is currently facing an unprecedented crisis! A corrupt official is in power, the king has lost interest in politics, and the people are suffering! You are the protector of this country, aren’t you!? Why are you laughing!? Why aren’t you trying to save the people!?”
Air started talking about all sorts of things.
She must have been thinking about all this for a long time, secretly bottling up frustration in her heart.
And it all came pouring out when she met the legendary being that the royal family passes down stories about.
“How dare a mere battery… speak so rudely, so rudely, so rude…”
Atmo was displeased by Air’s words.
Her expression… must be twisted in anger.
Although it’s invisible because of King Sekiran.
The jewel’s color instantly changed to red, flickering rapidly.
Really distracting.
Annoying.
Emi stared at the jewel.
“I’ll set things straight, battery, battery, battery… correct your misunderstanding.”
Ignoring Emi, Atmo’s conversation with Air continued.
“Misunderstanding!?”
“Yes, yes, yes, misunderstanding… I’m not protecting this Sky Kingdom… This Sky Kingdom… is me.”
“Huh…?”
“Don’t you understand? What’s important, important, important… is that I continue to fly in this sky forever! Humans are nothing more than accessories, decorating me!”
“Wh-What are you saying…!?”
Chika-chika, chika-chika, chika-chika!
And as their conversation became more heated, the jewel’s flickering frequency increased!
“And yet, you royalty… started caring about ‘the people’, ‘the people’, ‘the people’! Even though you’re nothing more than ‘convenient’ pawns of mine! You’ve gotten quite arrogant!”
“…!!”
“So I showed you… what your place is. Ho-ho-ho, by forcing you to offer your beloved family, as a sacrifice, to me!”
“No way!?”
“It, it, it, it, it was truly comical! All the previous kings weighed the lives of the people, against the lives of their daughters, and in the end, chose to sacrifice their daughters. Did, did, did, did you hear, that I’d ‘run out of mana and this Sky Kingdom would fall’ if you didn’t offer a sacrifice!? Ho-ho-ho, ho-ho-ho! That’s not true! Me!? I survived even the ‘Day of Ruin’!? You think I’d fall if I didn’t rely on such a primitive ritual as sacrifice!? Ho-ho-ho, impossible! Ho-ho-ho-ho-ho!!”
Great Spirit Atmo said that, and laughed loudly!
Her beautiful face must be twisted hideously, mocking Air!
Although I can’t even see her face, let alone her facial expression!
Chika-chika, chika-chika, chika-chika!
And the jewel, changing its light rapidly, red, yellow, orange, it flickered violently!
“No way…… no way, no way…… We’ve been worshipping this thing, all this time……!”
Next to the jewel, Air, betrayed by the one she had believed in… was stunned, tears streaming down her face, and sank to her knees, powerless.
“Now… we digressed… intruder.”
And then.
Since Air fell silent, Atmo finally turned her attention to Emi.
Probably… turned her attention.
I can’t see her.
Emi also glanced at Atmo.
“You hurt my beautiful body. That, that, that, is unforgivable.”
The jewel, turning completely red again, flickered!
“So… I’ll punish you.”
Chika-chika!
Chika-chika!
The jewel started flickering violently again!
“Regret, regret, regret! Your folly! While suffering, cry, scream, and…!!”
Chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika!
Chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika-chika!
Atmo’s tone of voice, and the jewel’s flickering, intensified!
Emi!
Emi… finally, here!!
“AAAAAHーーー!! This ornament is annoyingーーー!!!”
The annoying, flickering jewel, floating in the air!
The jewel that, completely unbeknownst to her, is said to house the Great Spirit Atmo… the Atmo Sphere!
She punched it with all her might!!
BAGOOOOOOOOON!!!
The Atmo Sphere, hit with her monstrous strength, half of its volume was blown away, and!!
‘GYAAAAAAAAAAHーーー!?’
…The Great Spirit Atmo’s scream echoed through the control room!!