The End of the Great Grassland of Beginnings 5
* * *
“Hmm… I see.”
Emi, sitting next to Shimegamamo, who was lying on her back, listening to her story, didn’t seem particularly surprised, simply accepting her words.
“Like Kentaro… and Somatoko?”
“That’s right.”
She asked that.
In a tone that suggested she already knew.
In fact, Emi had already done some thinking about the secret Shimegamamo’s clan holds.
Because the moment she met Shimegamamo, and realized that this grassland is the Great Grassland of Beginnings…
…Extra-sama started making a fuss.
To the extent that she involuntarily said “Annoying”.
Actually, the Great Grassland of Beginnings has been chosen as the starting point for many isekai reincarnation broadcasts.
In other words, for Extra-sama, an isekai reincarnation broadcast enthusiast, this place is a ‘sacred ground’.
So she was overly excited, and incredibly noisy.
Anyway, because Extra-sama was chattering endlessly inside her head, Emi was able to guess that the man lying before her is the ‘protagonist’.
“Our clan’s mission is to protect the vessel… and the Great Grassland of Beginnings.”
Now, Shimegamamo’s cognitive abilities are gradually declining.
Therefore, not even noticing Emi’s strange perceptiveness, she continued speaking quietly.
“To prepare the environment… for the ‘protagonist’ to begin his journey smoothly.”
Staring blankly at the night sky, she continued.
“That was the mission… our clan has carried out… for a thousand years…”
And then, after exhaling a large, relieved sigh, she smiled softly, and said—
“But that mission… will be accomplished tomorrow morning… when the last ‘protagonist’ awakens and sets out on his journey. We will finally… be released…”
And then she chuckled—sarcastically this time—and muttered—
“Well, before that… I’ll die.”
And then, she closed her mouth.
“…Haa.”
Emi, hearing Shimegamamo’s story, sighed once.
And then, she lay down on her back, next to Shimegamamo, and asked—
“Hey, were you… happy?”
“What?”
“Being bound… by the orders of those incomprehensible… heavens… gods…”
Her voice, like her expression, was still emotionless, monotonous, but—
There was definitely… pity in it.
Pity for Shimegamamo and her clan, who have been forced to live as pawns of the gods… as those behind the scenes.
“…Don’t mock me, o strong one.”
Shimegamamo, snorting at Emi’s words, said—
“For us, the best thing is to live a life of pride. Not to seek individual happiness.”
“…………”
“It has to be that way. Otherwise, we wouldn’t be able to face… all those we have harvested.”
“…………”
“But… at the very least, I—”
But there’s one thing she wants to say.
Desperately clinging to her fading sense of self—
Shimegamamo continued speaking.
“I was united… with my beloved husband… and was able to protect my precious family.”
“…………”
“And finally, kuku… I was even… pitied.”
“…………”
“It’s been a good run.”
Shimegamamo felt like she had so much more to say, but—
It seems she’s reached her limit.
Her head is terribly hazy, and she can’t form any meaningful words, even if she moves her mouth.
So, lastly—
To the girl, who sat up and peered at her face—
“Thank you,” she said, moving her lips.
And then, the next moment.
Shimegamamo’s face, which had barely retained its human features, began to be covered in moss.
Her hair turned into vines, grass grew from her eyes, and—
A single, lovely, yellow flower bloomed from her forehead.
There was no longer any trace of a woman lying there.
All that remained… was a thicket.
“…………”
Emi, after staring at that thicket for a while—
Put her hands together, closed her eyes, and offered a silent prayer.
And then, she glanced at the ‘protagonist’, who will awaken tomorrow morning.
But she didn’t do anything.
Under the starry sky, blown by the night wind…
She started walking, slowly… aimlessly, through the Great Grassland of Beginnings.
Her figure, blending into the darkness of the night, quickly disappeared from sight.
The main story of Arc 22 ends here.
Two more side stories will be added, and Arc 22 will be complete.