【Beautiful Girl Detective Akashiterika!】The Old Imperial City Frozend Museum Murder Case 6
* * *
“E-Emiiiiiii!!”
Akashiterika, standing up in a panic, ran towards the large hole!
Although it’s a large, deep hole, it’s not so deep that she can’t see the bottom… and she can barely make out a torrent of black water flowing with a rumbling sound, illuminated by the lights of the entrance hall.
“This is…”
“Hmm, it’s the sewer system built during the imperial era…!”
Director Rakigataa, holding onto Akashiterika, who was leaning so far over the hole that she almost fell in, groaned.
“Kekekekeke! Amazing, Steel Index is too amazing!! That monster was killed in one blow!!”
Meanwhile, Jimmyyak, controlling Steel Index, is in high spirits.
His eyes bloodshot, he’s clapping and laughing.
“Emi… is definitely not dead! She just fell into this hole! And she’s not a monster! …Probably.”
“Someone who extends those terrifying arms from her shoulders… if that’s not a monster, what is it!?”
Akashiterika, angered by Jimmyyak’s words, glared at him… but Jimmyyak didn’t care.
Although he had a sullen look on his face… he must be feeling good after seeing the destructive power of Steel Index up close.
His tone light, he started complaining.
“This mission has been nothing but unexpected… Originally, I was supposed to just take ‘Murder Disc’, and the mission would be complete! Activating Steel Index was someone else’s job, and I wasn’t supposed to be exposed yet… This is all your fault, Beautiful Girl Detective!!”
Perhaps his anger simmered as he complained… because in the end, Jimmyyak raised his voice, his face red, and glared at Akashiterika.
“A lowly commoner dares to anger Marquis Tomoikiya, a great noble! Apologize by becoming mincemeat!”
And shouting that, Jimmyyak extended his index finger and spun it around!
Steel Index, sensing that, flickered its red, eye-like lights!
It’s in standby mode, waiting for instructions!
“Now, Steel Index! This time for sure, kill that brat in the newsboy cap! All-out firing!”
And the merciless order was given.
The magic drones, floating in the air, once again pointed their barrels at Akashiterika in unison!
But here, Director Rakigataa made his move!
“Forgive me!”
“Kyah!?”
Director Rakigataa, apologizing, lifted Akashiterika… and threw her backwards!
And then he spread his arms wide, standing before Akashiterika like a Nio guardian statue.
“Tch… That annoying muscle gramps! THEN YOU DIE FIRST, DOG OF THE ESTABLISHMENT!”
Jimmyyak’s scream.
And the magic drones, all trembling at the same time.
…But the magic drones just kept trembling… and didn’t fire.
“H-… What!? Out of ammo? Out of mana!?”
Jimmyyak, grabbing a nearby magic drone, read the words displayed on its screen, and let out a stupid voice.
But he immediately regained his composure.
“Even without bullets, there are other ways to attack! Anyway, kill that brat in the newsboy cap!”
Spinning his index finger, he gave a rough order!
The magic drones, receiving that order, retracted their barrels… and this time, deployed high-speed buzzsaws from their lower parts!
Emitting a high-pitched, intimidating whirring sound, they charged at Akashiterika… and Director Rakigataa, who was protecting her!
Even Director Rakigataa, a muscular warrior, wouldn’t stand a chance if he was attacked by those buzzsaws!
“Director!!”
Akashiterika screamed, her face pale!
…But!
“Gufufu… Fuhahahaha…”
Director Rakigataa—
“GU-HA—HAHAHA!”
—Laughed loudly!
“I was prepared for thiiis!!”
And then, stomping on the floor—DON—some kind of mechanism installed in the museum’s entrance hall activated!
A hole opened up in the floor near him, and then… a giant greatsword… emerged from it!
“Gufufu! This is the Frozend family’s cautiousness! And now, behold… the essence of Frozend Style Greatswordsmanship!”
And Director Rakigataa, grabbing the greatsword, started skillfully wielding it, intercepting the incoming magic drones!
The magic drones, all weapons created with the technology of the Super-Ancient Magic Civilization… don’t break easily, even when struck by a heavy greatsword.
But if they’re attacked repeatedly, it’s a different story!
The number of magic drones attacking Director Rakigataa gradually decreased…!
“We can’t just let the civilians do all the fighting!”
“We’ll show you the pride of the Old Imperial City Police!”
And the surrounding police officers, naturally, joined the battle!
They all activated their magic at once, and started attacking the magic drones!
A large-scale battle, against the countless magic drones… has begun!