Assault. 16:33
* * *
“Earth, become countless hard pebbles and pierce the enemy!【Soil Bullets】!”, ‘Lightning, become a whip and strike the enemy!【Thunder Whip】!”, “Water, become a sharp spear and pierce the enemy!【Water Lance】!”
“!!”
What entered Emi’s ears, who had endured the sudden attack of the monsters, was the chanting of magic.
She immediately leaped away from the spot.
Then, earth magic, thunder magic, and water magic continuously struck the stone pavement where Emi had been standing, causing it to explode.
“Flame, explode! Blow everything away!【Explosion】!”, “Wind, become an invisible blade and slice the enemy!【Air Cutter】!”…
Moreover, the magic chanting doesn’t stop after that!
A wide variety of offensive magic spells are fired in rapid succession!
Jumping, bouncing, and rolling around, Emi glared in the direction the chanting could be heard from while dodging all of them.
It was an intense concentrated barrage of magic.
Continuous attacks.
The enemy was probably multiple magic users!
Emi’s eyes, which had estimated that and looked in the direction of the chanting, widened in shock.
Because what was there were just bushes and trees in the forest.
There was no sign of people anywhere.
“Ice, become countless hard pebbles and pierce the enemy!【Ice Bullets】!”
However, the chanting continued to resound, and magic was still being unleashed!
If it were an ordinary person, they would be shot by magic without understanding what was happening and be tortured to death without being able to resist.
But Emi is not an ordinary girl!
Rolling to avoid the ice magic that came flying, she brought the direction the chanting could be heard from into her field of vision and activated【Magic Perception】!
Then, among the trees in the forest… a murky red gathering of magic power resembling the figure of a person wearing a hood emerged!
In other words, the enemy was probably hiding their appearance using the power of magic or something.
And surprisingly, the magic user, who was thought to be multiple people, seemed to be just one person.
In short, that magic user hiding their appearance, probably a man judging from the low voice, was single-handedly performing continuous magic attacks that would normally require multiple people to gather and finally realize.
What incredible high-speed chanting!
It was a transcendent skill that could never be realized without a high level of magic power, extraordinary clear pronunciation, and lung capacity!
Just how much training did he go through to reach that level!?
But, however…!
So what!!
While avoiding the barrage of magic attacks, Emi stomped on the stone pavement with all her might.
The stone pavement couldn’t withstand the impact and shattered, scattering fragments around.
Emi grabbed one of those fragments and, with great force…【Stone Throw】it towards the shadow of magic power that seemed to be the magic user!
“Sei!”
“AH!!?”
The stone thrown by Emi unerringly pierced the magic user’s head… and blew it off!
After letting out a stupid scream, the magic user died and fell silent.
The magic that had made him transparent was undone, and the body of the magic user who had suddenly lost his head appeared.
The rapid-fire magic stopped.
Certainly, being able to turn invisible and continuously unleash magic equivalent to multiple people was amazing.
It was amazing, but in the end, for Emi, being subjected to magic equivalent to multiple people was only as threatening as facing that many ordinary magic users.
Rather, if there were actually multiple ordinary magic users, the targets would be dispersed, making it harder to defeat them, and it could be said that it would have been more troublesome for Emi.
“Uwaaahh! Y-Y-You, HOW DARE YOUUUU!!!”
The next one to jump out of the bushes while saying such things was a short, chubby man.
Despite it being winter, that man’s body, wearing a white tank top, had a slovenly flesh, and his face was dyed bright red.
It seemed he was furious at having his comrade killed.
“……”
Emi crushed that man without any mercy using【Black Arms】swung down from above.
The chubby man was weak.
He was simply crushed and died without showing any resistance.
Why did he jump out?
Emi couldn’t understand that and it bothered her, but her attention was drawn to the sound of clapping hands, pachi, pachi, pachi, and she immediately dismissed that question from her mind.
“Well, well, wonderful! You’re wonderfully strong!”
The one who appeared on the highway with a smile on his face, brushing aside the bushes, was a man with a sword at his waist.
He was a tall, long-haired, handsome young man.
His long coat fluttered in the wind, and his arms, slightly exposed by the fluttering, were wrapped round and round with bandage-like cloths with patterns that seemed somehow cool but whose purpose was unknown.
While being wary of that young man, Emi searched for presences around her.
At some point, the giant woman was gone.
She was probably still hiding her huge body somehow and aiming for an opening against Emi.
She couldn’t let her guard down.
“My name is… fufu, Evil Sword. It’s a cool code name, right?”
Saying that, Evil Sword swung the sword in his right hand around.
Shining and glittering in the setting sun, it appeared to be an ordinary sword at first glance.
At least, that’s how it looked to Emi.
“Fufu, I’m sorry, but you’ll have to die! It’s the soul of a strong person like you that I’ve been seeking! To make it my sustenance! This magic sword ‘So-‘”
Paan!!!
At this point, Evil Sword’s head, who had been delivering his lines, suddenly burst open!
Why?
Because Emi【Stone Throwed】 the other pebble she had picked up when she killed the magic user!
She didn’t understand what was going on, but that man seemed to be a magic sword user.
Emi had seen a magic sword called ‘Agzeliary,’ and from the knowledge she gained from Extra-sama, she understood that magic tools called magic swords could be quite troublesome if used well.
Therefore, the moment it was revealed that Evil Sword was a magic sword user, she killed him!
Evil Sword should have quickly slashed at Emi before showing composure and giving a lengthy speech!
Emi, who killed Evil Sword, immediately snatched the sword his corpse was holding, struck it against her knee as if breaking a twig, and snapped it in two.
Unlike with ‘Agzeliary,’ there was no sign of sparks scattering from the cross-section of the blade.
Was this really a magic sword?
A question that suddenly arose.
However, that was something that didn’t matter now.
Because she had broken this presumed magic sword ‘So-something’ and killed its wielder.
The problem at hand was something else.
Emi, whose sunlight was blocked by a large shadow, understood that.
She immediately turned around.
She glared in the direction of the setting sun.
What was there was the figure of the giant woman, charging towards Emi with a demonic look while bearing the setting sun on her back.
【Chant Magic】
In this world, “chanting” is a password for using the “magic-use assistance system” created by the God of Magic.
Therefore, not a single word or phrase can be mistaken.
Emi has been told by Extra-sama that she cannot use chant magic.
Explained in detail in Arc 5.
【Magic Perception】
A convenient ability that Emi acquired under the guidance of Extra-sama.
It is difficult to master, and there are few users.
Started using from Arc 2.
【Stone Throw】
The technique of throwing stones.
As long as one can throw a stone, it is【Stone Throw】, and there are many users.
Emi’s【Stone Throw】is basically performed after hardening the pebbles with an ability called【Solidify】, so combined with her inhuman strength, it has very high destructive power.
It is a valuable long-range attack means for Emi, who cannot use chant magic, and it has a derived technique called【Infinite Pebbles】.
Started using from Arc 2.
【Magic sword】
Weapons that contain various effects.
Magic sword ‘Blaze’ (Arc 6, owned by Kamasse Kaisetsu), Magic sword ‘Agzeliary’ (Arc 10, owned by Sarelka Luclees), and others have already appeared.