Neverfall Sky Kingdom Air Force Commander, Kokiatsu
* * *
“That filthy mouse… still has the audacity to fly in the sky, huh?”
This is the top floor of an ancient iron tower, located near the outer wall of the Sky Kingdom of Neverfall.
It’s a monitor room where the video data sent from the “Angel’s Eyes” embedded in the outer wall is displayed, and it’s currently being used as the Sky Kingdom Air Force’s command center.
In the center of this room, blocked off from sunlight by thick curtains, sits a man.
He’s in his fifties.
He’s wearing a pure white military uniform, the color of clouds.
That uniform, bathed in the blue light of the monitors, is adorned with medals.
In other words, he’s a military man.
However, his body doesn’t look anything like that of a soldier.
His body, bloated with flab and buttons about to burst, is a symbol of his decadence.
Even now, he is alone in this closed-off command center, where the smell lingers.
…He continues to devour his favorite food, Flyfish Fry Sandwich, made with Flying Cod…
His name is Kokiatsu Kakokiryu.
It might be hard to believe, looking at him, but… he’s the commander of the Neverfall Sky Kingdom Air Force.
“Munch, munch, munch, gu… guln.”
Kokiatsu stuffed the rest of the Flyfish Fry Sandwich in his right hand into his mouth, and quickly chewed and swallowed it.
And then, after carefully licking the sauce and oil from his fingertips, he grinned, his mouth twisting into a wicked, ugly smile, and gave a cruel order!
“That mouse… shoot it down.”
…He said!
“W-What!?”
The command was so outrageous that it sent commotion through the command center!
“That small cargo ship is j-just appears to be flying along an established route!? Wh-What reason do we have to…!?”
The young officer, who was operating the equipment in front of the monitor, stood up, unable to contain himself, and raised his voice!
“Silenceーーー!!”
Kokiatsu roared back at the young officer, his voice several times louder, and threw the new Flyfish Fry Sandwich he was holding in his left hand!
Splat!
It accurately hit the young officer’s uniform.
Staining the pure white fabric, the color of clouds, with black sauce…!
“What reason, you ask!? What reason do you have to defy me!? I’m the commander! I’m an upper-class citizen! I’m a Skyling!?”
Kokiatsu, still deeply sunk in his chair, kicked his legs and raged, his anger evident!
His custom-made office chair is so soft and fluffy, it feels like sitting on a cloud!
That’s why Kokiatsu, who’s too fat, can’t stand up quickly!
Incidentally, ‘upper-class citizen’ is a term often used by people from the faction Kokiatsu belongs to, referring to those who have earned the right to live in the flying Neverfall.
And ‘Skyling’ refers to those whose families have been in that position for several generations.
The Kakokiryu family has lived in Neverfall for five generations, and are like nobles in other countries, wielding considerable power within the Sky Kingdom!
“…And defying me also means defying Prime Minister Nabokoris! I don’t know your name… munch, munch, munch… but do you want your entire family to become flying fish bait?”
And then, Kokiatsu, glaring at the young officer, threatened him in a quiet voice, munching on another Flyfish Fry Sandwich from the mountain of sandwiches on the table next to his chair.
Prime Minister Nabokoris is a villain who controls almost everything in this country in place of the Sky King, who has lost interest in politics.
Nowadays, Prime Minister Nabokoris shamelessly refers to this Sky Kingdom as ‘his country’, and the Sky Kingdom is being ravaged by vulgar and arrogant people like Kokiatsu, who are part of the Prime Minister’s faction…!
And Prime Minister Nabokoris is merciless to those who oppose him.
The number of people who have been turned into ‘flying fish bait’ is countless.
“…I-I apologize… I… will obey your orders…”
Threatened with the lives of his entire family, the young officer couldn’t argue any further.
He bowed his head, trembling… and after saluting Kokiatsu, he sat down in front of the control panel in front of the monitor and started operating it.
“Move the ‘Snake’.”
“…Yes sir!”
The young officer, clenching his teeth, continued operating the machine, without objecting to the belatedly issued order.
Brrr… brrr… brrr…
The ‘High-Speed Mobile Magic Battery “Snake”’ was deployed from the hangar on the floor below the command center, emitting a high-pitched warning sound.
It slowly climbed the undulating rails, shaking and rattling.
When it reached the top of the rails and started descending… the ‘Snake’s’ hunt begins.
“Nuhaha! Nuhahahaha! I can finally kill that filthy mouse! This feels great!”
In contrast to the pale-faced young officer, Kokiatsu is in a good mood.
He laughed loudly, scattering crumbs of Flyfish Fry Sandwich from his mouth.
He once met the boy who’s piloting that mouse-like airship, during a market inspection.
At that time, that boy, who was delivering vegetables, was accompanied by a beautiful girl, far too beautiful for a lowly plateau person living on the ground.
So Kokiatsu thought he’d take her for himself.
But the boy ran away with the beautiful girl!
A lowly plateau person defied him, a Skyling!
He couldn’t forgive it.
It’s an unforgivable sin.
He let them escape that time… but he can finally punish them for their crime.
Thinking that, Kokiatsu’s heart became clear and refreshing, like a beautiful blue sky… and his face twisted even more hideously.
“Target acquired… Target acquired. Magic cannon ready… ready to fire. Firing in… three… two… one…”
The young officer, on the other hand, was calmly operating ‘Snake’, tears welling up in his eyes.
And just as he started counting down the magic cannon firing sequence in a trembling voice… !
“…Huh?”
Kokiatsu, the young officer, and all the other officers in the room…
…Looking at the footage displayed on the giant monitor in the command center…
…Their jaws dropped.
And they let out dumbfounded voices…
“…What… is that?”
Just looking at it, they’d understand…
Looking at it, they’d understand, but…
Kokiatsu couldn’t help but ask.
And when he asked that.
The young officer was forced to report what he saw on the screen… exactly as he saw it!
“A girl! A girl wearing jet-black armor, she… suddenly jumped off of that small cargo ship…!”