The Flashy Skeleton, the Double Shield Skeleton, and the Sword Skeleton
* * *
The remaining three skeletons deftly dodge my indiscriminate attacks and close in.
The moment I confirm that, I change my strategy… retracting my 【Black Tentacles】.
There’s no point in keeping them deployed if they can’t kill them.
They require a lot of concentration to control.
『Cling, clang, clink, shalaーーー!』
Now, one of the surviving skeletons is a strange skeleton wearing gaudy ornaments—red, blue, green, gold… like a flashy Samba costume.
『Shing, shing, clack, clack, shalaーーー!』
This flashy skeleton, holding bells in both hands, noisy with every movement, constantly sings and dances, dodging my attacks at the last minute.
『Cling, clang, cling, clack, clack, cling, cling!』
“SHUT UUUUPーーー!!”
『Clack!』
Even now, my impulsively fired 【Stone Throwing】 was narrowly dodged!
Infuriating!
『Uoooooooohーーー! Hmph!』
Seizing the opening created by my 【Stone Throwing】, a large skeleton, holding a large shield in each hand, charged at me!
He swings the shield in his right hand, trying to knock me down… but.
“Rah!!”
I catch it with my left hand!
The skeletons in this fort are skilled.
But I won’t lose in a contest of strength!
『Muh!』
The double shield skeleton, unexpectedly having his shield caught, freezes!
『Cling, clang, clackーーー!』
I put my mana into my free right hand—
『Clack, clack, clack, clack!』
…To fire 【Magic Attack】—.
『Shala, shalaーーー! Clack, clack, shalaーーー!』
“SHUT UUUUPーーー!!!”
I couldn’t fire it!
Because the flashy skeleton, singing and dancing behind me, shaking his bells—I couldn’t concentrate!
The double shield skeleton easily blocks my punch, which doesn’t have any mana in it, by putting his two shields together in front of him.
And then, using the impact of being punched, he retreats, repositioning himself.
“…………”
The one observing our exchange from a distance, is a skeleton holding a long katana… yeah, it’s the first time I’ve seen one in this world, but it’s a katana.
『Clack, clang, clack, clang!』
He’s not afraid of fighting, as evidenced by the killing intent he’s emitting.
『Shing, shing!』
If I show even the slightest opening… he’ll immediately swing that katana—
『Shalaーーー!』
“SHUT UUUUPーーー!!!”
Aaaaah!!
I finally snapped, and attacked the flashy skeleton!
『Shala!』
The flashy skeleton, dodging my attack again, at the last minute!
But I won’t let him escape again!
“I’ll kill you!!”
『Clack!? A-Hih!?』
I unleashed my full 【Intimidation】 at the flashy skeleton!
The space creaked… and the flashy skeleton, bathed in my killing intent, froze, his movements stopping!
“RAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
I activated 【Great Mantis】, and slashed the frozen, flashy skeleton’s body… vertically in half!
『Shala…』
The flashy skeleton turned into black dust… and his glittery, Samba-costume-like ornaments and bells rolled on the floor, making a lonely sound…
『【Press】!!!』
And then, the next moment!
The double shield skeleton, who had snuck up behind me, sandwiched me between the two large shields in his hands!
“Guh!?”
I hastily caught the two shields with both hands… but this is bad!
<W-We’re restrained!>
Extra-sama screamed!
『Guhahahaha! Get her, togetherーーー!』
The double shield skeleton, laughing, gave instructions to the silent sword skeleton.
The sword skeleton lowered his posture, holding his katana as if he were about to perform an iaijutsu slash!
『【One Sword, Two…】』
And the sword skeleton—
Was about to unleash a deadly blow.
If I take that… it’ll be bad.
Even I… might die… if I’m cut in half!
“Kah!!!”
So I—used my trump card.
Firing 【Black Tentacles】 from my mouth!
『Wha!? Guah!?』
The sword skeleton, who was about to attack, couldn’t dodge in time.
The 【Black Tentacle】 that directly hit his skull, crushed it into pieces… and the sword skeleton turned into black dust, and scattered.
『GUWAAAAAAHーーー!?』
And at the same time, I deployed more 【Black Tentacles】 from my shoulder, bundled them together, coated them with 【Mantis】, and swung them upwards!
The double shield skeleton, who was focused on restraining me, had no way to dodge… and he too, split in two, and then disappeared, turning into black dust.
Gara, Garann…
The shields that the double shield skeleton was wearing rolled on the floor, making a loud sound.
“…………”
I stepped over the shield that fell towards me, lowered my hips, made a fist, and prepared for the next battle.
“…………”
Silence.
Nothing moves… in the spacious, desolate great hall of the fort.
Only dust, sparkling in the red sunlight… fills my vision.
There are no more enemies.
Have I killed them all?
I thought that… and it was at that moment—
『Kakaka…』
A hoarse, old man’s laughter… came from somewhere on the floor.
I stood still for a while, waiting for the dust in the room to settle.
And then—a skeleton, with only its skull, ribcage, and left arm remaining, appeared on the floor.
He’s already heavily wounded, as you can tell from the edges of his body starting to turn into black dust.
His left hand is tightly gripping a dagger… Ah, I see.
This is the surprise attack skeleton… who attacked from the ceiling.
『Well done… No, really well done…』
The surprise attack skeleton, his eye sockets filled with black shadows, looking straight at me, quietly began to speak.