The King and the Two-Legged Creatures
* * *
The King of the Desert, running across the desert to escape from the hideous ball of tentacles.
He was terrified and frightened of the ball of tentacles.
And at the same time, he was just as angry.
He is the King, and yet—
He had no choice but to flee.
His pride as King was wounded.
Naturally, he’s angry and irritated.
He ran through the desert, his mind in turmoil with fear and rage.
But in the midst of all that… due to certain circumstances, the balance of fear and anger in his heart began to shift… towards anger.
What happened was… he doesn’t know where they came from, but… two-legged creatures, riding on a sled pulled by a pill-bug, suddenly appeared, running ahead of him… and disrespectfully started attacking him, the King.
“‘Sand, gather and become gravel, pierce the enemy! 【Sand Bullets】!’”
“‘Wind, become blades and shred the enemy! 【Wind Cutter】!’”
The magic spells flying towards him one after another, however, couldn’t inflict any pain on his shell, tempered by the scorching heat of the Great Desert and the passage of time.
Neither the sand bullets nor the wind blades could harm him.
…But they’re annoying!
He has to escape!
Who are these two-legged creatures!?
Irritation steadily built up in the King’s heart, and finally!
“GIJAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!”
The King, roaring in anger… grabbed a lizard running nearby with his pincers, and in his frustration, threw it with all his might at the two-legged creatures!
“Hahhaa!!”
But the sled carrying the two-legged creatures easily dodged it!
And then, the magic attacks resumed!
“GIJAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!”
That’s just so annoying, so annoying…!
Lizards, Desert Topopolocks, and Running Sea Anemones!
The King grabbed the magical creatures running near him and threw them, one after another!
“Hahhaa!!”
But the sled carrying the two-legged creatures easily dodged them again!
Moving smoothly left and right, it continues to avoid the thrown magical creatures.
That must be the skill of the driver, controlling the pill-bug.
Truly, man and pill-bug are one!
“GIJAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!”
Because that continued.
The King’s irritation finally reached its peak.
And that irritation… led him to make a reckless move—a full-powered attack without thinking about the consequences!
It’s a 【Breath Attack】.
A secret technique often used by dragons… destroying the opponent by hitting them with high-density magical power!
The Golden Pyramid is a hermit crab.
And although this isn’t commonly known… even hermit crabs can use 【Breath Attacks】 if they live long enough!
Be careful when raising a hermit crab that can live for several hundred years!
Anyway, the King, raising his pincers high to clear the firing line, unleashed his 【Breath Attack】.
The magical power gathered around his mouth was released as a golden beam, dyeing the surroundings gold with its brilliance.
Due to its speed and intense brilliance, the King’s 【Breath Attack】 doesn’t even allow him to perceive the “process”.
After unleashing his 【Breath Attack】… there’s only the “result”… the obliterated enemy.
This time too, it’s the same.
When the intense brilliance of the 【Breath Attack】 subsided, and his vision returned to normal… the two-legged creatures were gone.
Including the magical creatures behind them, nothing was alive within the range of his 【Breath Attack】, everything was obliterated.
This is good.
The King, reaffirming his immense power, his wounded pride somewhat restored by the ball of tentacles, felt a little better.
He let his guard down a little.
…And aiming for that opening!
“Hyaa!”
A small two-legged creature, letting out a rather pathetic cry… jumped onto the King’s back!
The two-legged creatures weren’t obliterated by the 【Breath Attack】!
Sensing the danger, they dodged it at the last moment… and snuck up right beside him, outside his field of vision!
“GIJAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!?”
The King was confused and enraged by the sudden turn of events!
Because that small two-legged creature is stepping on the ‘Golden Pyramid’ he carries on his back… his home, his armor, and his most precious treasure!
“GIJAH, GIJAAH!”
“Woah, woah, woah!”
Don’t get on! Don’t get on!
Don’t get on my treasure!
Get your filthy legs off!
The King tried to shake off the small two-legged creature by violently shaking his body left and right, but it didn’t work.
Although the small two-legged creature lost his balance a little, he didn’t fall off the King’s treasure… and reached the base of the King’s four legs, exposed to the outside, and then!
“YAAAAAH!”
Clang, clang, clang!
He started persistently hitting it with what is, to the King, a small sword!
“GIJAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!”
The base of his legs has thinner shells than other parts of his body!
Even the attacks of the weak two-legged creature aren’t completely without effect… The King, irritated by the stinging pain, like being poked with needles, shook his body even more.
But the two-legged creature won’t be shaken off!
His irritation intensifies!
His vision narrows!
Therefore!
“Now! Get away from him, Mitran-kun!”
He didn’t notice that the sled, pulled by a pill-bug, carrying the two-legged creatures, was running right in front of him… until he heard the two-legged creature’s voice.
“Got it!”
The moment the King noticed the two-legged creatures in front of him.
The small two-legged creature, who had been persistently hitting the base of his legs, suddenly jumped off the King, as if it were all a lie.
“We don’t just have one trump card!”
And seeing that, the silver-haired two-legged creature on the sled… while holding down her hat with one hand, took something black and round out of her bag with her other hand.
To the King, who is a hermit crab, albeit an intelligent one, it looked like just a stone… but that ‘black and round something’ is the second magic bomb that Leseida was hiding!
It’s larger than the one she used before… and its power is guaranteed!
“TAKE THIS!!”
It was thrown straight at the King, and landed right in front of him!
And rolling—Korokoro—it went right under the running King’s body, and then…
DODODOON!!!
With that roaring sound!
It exploded!