Powerful Enemy, Revenger!
* * *
“Raaaaaaaaahhhh!!!”
Using 【Grasshopper】, I step in at the fastest speed I’ve ever shown and slip into the golden bear’s bosom!
“Hah!!”
And there, I kick the ground, leap up, and punch its thick chest with all my might!
“GUOOH…!!”
It’s a blow filled to the brim with magic power, 【Magic Strike】.
Even the golden bear, protected by its thick fur, seems to be affected by my attack, and a pained voice echoes from above.
But this golden bear has a fighting spirit that doesn’t belie its imposing appearance.
Without ever being daunted by the pain, it tries to crush me by throwing its four legs into the air and performing a body press!
I narrowly avoid it by jumping sideways again with 【Grasshopper】.
“GUOOOOOHHHH!!!”
The golden bear immediately realizes that I’ve escaped harm.
This time, it rolls its huge body like a roller and approaches to crush me!
The large nishakasha trees get caught up in it and fall one after another with creaking sounds.
The rotational speed is quite fast!!
I desperately keep jumping back, retreating, retreating, retreating!
In the meantime, I continue to snipe the monsters trying to invade the base through the hole in the defensive wall with 【Infinite Pebbles】.
Fortunately, the number of monsters is decreasing.
For some reason, the ones who were recklessly attacking until earlier are gradually starting to calm down.
<It seems the effects of the stimulants are wearing off. If the monsters regain their composure, they won’t come near you and this golden bear fighting.>
That’s good.
Now all I have to do is deal with this big one.
It’s straightforward.
“Guooh!!”
“!!”
And here!
The golden bear, which had been spinning horizontally, suddenly let out a shout and leaped high into the air!
And this time, it started spinning vertically!
Floating in the air while spinning round and round at super high speed, its figure bathed in sunlight shines like a single super-giant sphere of light!
“Raaaaaahhhh!!!”
I instinctively change the target of 【Infinite Pebbles】 to the slaughtering golden bear ball for interception, but my pebbles are blocked by its fur and rotation, completely nullified.
The moment they come into contact with it, they vanish with a “chun!” sound.
“Ha!!”
All I can do is keep dodging again.
I avoid the charging trajectory of the slaughtering golden bear ball at the last moment.
Zguaaaan!!!
The golden bear’s body slams into the ground with a tremendous roar.
Dust rises up!
Even I couldn’t do something like punching and pushing that back.
The power was incredible.
But.
You took your eyes off me.
That’s a bad move, golden bear!
The golden bear shouts and jumps up, deactivating its ball state.
It lands on all fours with a “Zunn!” sound and blows away the dust.
“Guoh!?”
But I’m not there!
Because at the moment it landed on the ground and raised the dust, this time I had leaped high into the sky.
I have fought enemies much larger than myself many times before.
For example, the Poison Topopolock Queen.
For example, the Togūdo Commander.
As a result, there’s an established method I learned.
In short, it’s a simple story.
The weak point of big guys is their back that can’t be reached by their hands!!
Yes, the moment the golden bear shouted and blew away the dust, I had jumped onto its back!
And I focus magic power, focus, focus into my fist!
I punch its back with all my might!!
“GUOOOOOHH!!?”
My fist, released with the intention of crushing its spine, unfortunately couldn’t achieve that goal, but it seemed to have given the golden bear considerable pain.
The golden bear let out a scream-like cry that I had never heard before!
But this isn’t the end.
【Magic Strike】, 【Magic Strike】, 【Magic Strike】!!
I drive in the high-power blows consecutively!
“GUOOH!? GUOOOOOHHHH!!?”
The golden bear writhes and trembles to try to shake me off, but I have 【Silverfish】!
Thanks to the fantasy magic power manipulation technique, my feet are firmly stuck to the golden bear’s back and will never come off!
<Keep it up, Emi! Let’s whittle down this bear’s stamina like this!>
Extra-sama cheers in my mind!
You don’t have to tell me!
I’ll kill this bear like this!
I’ll beat it to death!!
“GUOH OH OH… OAAAAAHHH!!”
But, however!
This golden bear was different from the ones I had faced so far.
It had… a means to shake off and interrupt my attacks.
“OAH OAH… GUOOOOOHHHH!!!”
It was the moment the golden bear let out a strange-sounding growl unlike before!
“Huh?”
A “Bzzt!” sound rang out.
And then the consciousness of me, who had been clinging to its back and punching the golden bear, suddenly… cut off.
* * *
When I regained consciousness again, I was in the middle of falling off the golden bear’s back and dancing in the air.
What… happened?
A few seconds of… consciousness interruption.
Did I… faint?
<Emi! In front, in front!!>
With Extra-sama’s shout, my consciousness is rapidly pulled back into battle mode!
Approaching me as I fall to the ground is the golden bear’s absurdly thick and sturdy arm!
“Ku!!”
I instinctively curl up in the air and 【Strengthen Body】, 【Strengthen Body】, 【Strengthen Body】!!
The golden bear punched me with all its might as if smashing me into the ground from diagonally above!
Zguaaaaaaahhh!!!
Landing while denting the ground with a roar, my body this time bounced like a ball due to the momentum.
The damage is severe.
It hurts.
It hurts too much.
My whole body is screaming.
But.
“…Hmph!”
I forcibly regain control of my body spinning in the air and stomp on the ground with my feet!
And while spitting blood from my mouth, I glare at the golden bear!
I brace myself.
Pitch-black haze gushes out from all over my body.
I can’t lose.
I won’t die.
I’ll protect the base!
“Grrrr…”
The golden bear growls in displeasure, glaring back at me who still won’t die.
But that golden bear… its appearance had changed from earlier.
Its body.
Its golden body.
Was emitting white light while wrapped in lightning that made crackling sounds.
The giant golden bear wrapped in lightning and emitting white light…
I think it looks pretty cool and sacred.