what I have to do to 生存
* * *
Silence filled the control room.
The only sound was the occasional faint whirring of the unknown machines installed in the room—Coco, coco.
Food shortage.
I can’t think of any solution to this problem.
Time just keeps passing…
<Ah! Can you eat the floor material of this room?>
Here, Extra-sama, unable to bear the awkward silence, voiced her idea!
Alright, that’s it!
I immediately crouched down and scratched the floor.
But no good.
The floor of this room… and probably the walls and ceiling too, are protected by a barrier, just like the cell I was in.
“We can’t… scrape it off and eat it…”
“OF COURSE NOT!!!”
Majurog retorted, kicking the floor repeatedly in frustration, at my calm analysis!
But I, having been in many desperate situations, and overcome them all, understand.
That it’s in times like these that I have to stay calm.
So I looked around.
Searching for something to break the deadlock!
And then, I noticed the wooden box Majurog opened earlier.
What’s inside… are yellow magic stones…
“This is it…!”
I ran to the wooden box, took out a yellow magic stone, held it up, and turning to Majurog, shouted!
“Hey! Can’t we eat these Darkeyalon magic stones!?”
“WHAT ARE YOU SAYING!?”
Majurog, rushing towards me, and snatching the magic stone, shouted back!
“Of course not! Stones aren’t food! You’ll get a stomachache!”
“It’s fine. I’ve never had a stomachache.”
“What’s with that unwavering trust in your stomach!? But even if you don’t get a stomachache, it’s still a no! I need them to draw the teleportation magic circle! I can’t reduce the number!”
“Mu…”
If she says so, I can’t eat these magic stones.
So Majurog… you don’t have to be so wary.
It’s okay, it’s okay, I won’t eat them…
Ah, she locked the box.
<But… then, what should we do?>
I looked around again.
Now, you know.
There’s only one thing left that catches my eye.
…I’ll ask, just in case.
“Then how about that huge magic stone in the middle of the room?”
“THAT’S EVEN WORSE! That’s the main energy source of this Great Prison! If it’s gone, the barriers protecting the floors and walls will disappear, and the sludge will immediately come pouring in!!”
That’s… a no, then.
<That’s a no…>
We’re completely cornered.
I can’t think of any ideas.
I’m starting to feel depressed.
“…I’m sorry.”
An apology involuntarily slipped out.
“This must be troubling for you too, Majurog… if there’s no food…”
Because this isn’t just my problem.
Because of me, Majurog will also starve to death.
That’s… a little too much for me to bear.
But.
“Ah…”
Her reaction to my apology was a little unexpected.
Majurog looked puzzled, and then immediately shook her head with an awkward look…
“Well, I… It’s fine. Because I can live… without eating…”
…She said… something unbelievable!
“Eh!?”
“This body is a Magic Prosthetic Body… a doll, so to speak. Although I can eat, I’m currently a magical lifeform, something like a living doll. Similar to a spirit. Therefore…”
Saying that, Majurog slowly approached the giant magic stone in the center of the control room, and put her hand on it.
And then.
“【Absorption】.”
She muttered something.
It’s definitely a special ability… what Majurog calls Magic!
I immediately activated 【Mana Perception】 and observed the scene.
And then, I was surprised.
Mana from the giant magic stone… is flowing into Majurog at an incredible rate!
“You’re… absorbing mana?”
“…You understand, don’t you, Emi-chan…? Yes, that’s right. I can live by absorbing a little mana like this. I can also eat, but it’s no longer essential for me to live.”
“…But you said we can’t eat that huge one, right?”
“Eating and reducing it is a no. But absorbing a little mana is fine. Because the earth’s mana is constantly being supplied. You can think of it as a reservoir for mana.”
<So, this giant magic stone is like a battery that’s constantly being recharged. Although it’s forbidden to physically bite and scrape it, it’s okay to absorb a little mana, then.>
Extra-sama rephrased Majurog’s words so that I could understand them easily.
…Here.
I realized something.
Majurog has been acting troubled and angry, but—
It’s not for her own sake.
…It was for my sake?
<Well, if she can live without eating, then I guess so.>
Extra-sama agreed with my thoughts, but in a displeased, sulky voice.
“Majurog…”
I… involuntarily—
—Spoke my mind.
“You’re kind.”
Even though you’re a dirty old man.
“Even though you’re a dirty old man.”
“That last part was unnecessary…”
Majurog slumped her shoulders, and sighed at my compliment.
<But kindness doesn’t fill your stomach. Such kindness is meaningless.>
Extra-sama, jealous of my increased appreciation for Majurog, said that spitefully.
You’re really childish sometimes, Extra-sama!?
But, Extra-sama.
<What?>
About what Majurog said earlier.
Listening to that… besides ‘Majurog is kind’, I also thought of something else.
In other words—
“Can’t I also… live by absorbing mana?”
…That’s what I mean.
I’ve often eaten stones when I was really hungry.
And even such an act, which would normally make someone sick, isn’t a problem for me.
Because the stones are “something-decomposed” and absorbed in my stomach.
…Right, Extra-sama?
<It’s ‘mana decomposition’, Emi. But what you’re saying is correct. And because of that, you can live as long as you have something to put in your stomach… be it stones or sand.>
Is there any difference between that “mana decomposition” and absorbing mana?
Aren’t they the same?
Haven’t I been surviving by using mana as an energy source all this time?
<…Strictly speaking, ‘mana decomposition’ is different from 【Absorption】, which Majurog just performed… or ‘mana absorption’… but yes, you’re right, ‘you can live by absorbing mana’… that’s certainly true.>
“‘You can live by absorbing mana’… Hmm, interesting. Even for a human, theoretically… that might be possible…”
As if echoing Extra-sama’s explanation, Majurog also put her hand on her chin, and started speaking thoughtfully.