(Beetle) BUBUBUBUBUBU!!!
* * *
Bun!
Bun, bun!
Destroy Bunbun, facing the enlarged General Orbos, swung his horns around irritably.
A terrifying, intimidating, and violent whooshing sound echoed through the Third Plaza.
What would happen if a living human were to be hit by one of those horns… the outcome is too gruesome to imagine.
Now, as you can see from his attitude, this Destroy Bunbun was indeed irritated.
Because the honey is running away.
He thought it would be over quickly.
He saw a bipedal creature covered in honey, so he planned to quickly finish it off and leisurely enjoy its honey.
But it didn’t go as planned.
Because the honey-covered biped… flew away.
Even Destroy Bunbun was surprised by this, but he didn’t give up.
Once he sets his sights on a target, he goes straight for it without hesitation.
That’s the instinct of Destroy Bunbun, honed through a long process of evolution.
Immediately, he also flew up into the sky above the royal capital, chasing after the biped, and a chase began.
Destroy Bunbun has far more stamina and mana than the biped, so he had an overwhelming advantage in this chase.
In fact, the biped’s flight speed was gradually decreasing, and it should have only been a matter of time before he caught up.
But!
The biped, who had been flying in the air, suddenly fell!
And then, a hairy white thing!
Snatched the biped away from him!
This hairy thing couldn’t fly, but it was incredibly fast on its feet, and it cleverly escaped through narrow alleys that were difficult for Destroy Bunbun to chase!
Because of that, he couldn’t catch it!
Destroy Bunbun was angry!
And his competitive spirit burned even more fiercely!
He won’t… he absolutely won’t let it escape!
If he gives up here, he’d lose his reputation as a honey hunter!
He’d lose face in front of his larval peers who talked about becoming fine adult beetles while eating rotten leaves together!
That’s why Destroy Bunbun worked hard.
He chased after the hairy thing, and chased, and chased…
Finally, the hairy thing’s movements started to slow down.
But even then, again!
This time, the hairy thing!
Was snatched away by a rock monster of unknown origin!
Again!
It happened again!
Destroy Bunbun was furious!
So what he did was a head-on charge attack!
His full-powered blow, capable of breaking through thick walls, easily tore off the rock monster’s arm!
“Y-Y-YOUUUU BASTARDーーー!?”
The rock monster, screaming with anger, frustration, and fear, swung its remaining left arm straight at Destroy Bunbun with all its might.
Destroy Bunbun, on the other hand.
“…BUBUBUBUBUBUーーー!!!”
Anger, appetite, and pride!
With a determined buzz, he flapped his beautiful transparent wings at super speed, rose into the air, and charged once again at the fist coming towards him!
A head-on confrontation!!
“UOOOOOOOOOH!!!”
“BUBUBUBUBUBUーーー!!!”
A giant fist made of steel and rock, and a glistening, jet-black shell!
The distance between them closed in an instant, and then they collided!
Crack…!
Destroy Bunbun definitely heard it.
At the moment of impact.
Probably because of the critical situation, time seemed to slow down, and in that time…
Crack, crack, crack, crack, crack… !
His jet-black shell, the rock monster’s fist.
Crack, crack, crack!
BAGAAAAAAAAAAAN!!
From the tip of his fist to near his shoulder, the sound of it being shattered all at once!!
…Let me say it again!
This Destroy Bunbun’s shell has incredibly high defense!
The reason for this is to break beehives and protect himself from bee stings!
In Destroy Bunbun’s natural habitat, there are bees as large as him, and those bees build huge nests, comparable in size to human castles!
Destroy Bunbun has evolved to be strong and hard… to fight those bees and obtain honey!
That’s why he was able to withstand even the fist of General Orbos, who had transformed into a rock monster!
It was the moment when the biological characteristics of a creature, honed over a long history, easily repelled the attack of a monster created by some unknown technology!
How amazing!
“Guwaaaaaaaah!?”
Now, General Orbos, having lost both arms, screamed and stumbled.
“Why!? How could this happen!? What is that monster!?”
His mind was in turmoil, filled with fear and confusion.
The shock of the super giant beetle’s sudden intrusion had completely blown away the haze that had been clouding his mind.
“Me!? What am I doing!? A coup d’état!? Why!? What is this body!? Who am I!? I don’t like this!!”
“BUBUBUBUBUBU!!”
“Hiiih!?”
In that state of mind… there’s no way he can continue fighting.
He heard the buzz of Destroy Bunbun, still burning with fighting spirit, and gasped.
“HYAAAAAAAAAAH!?”
Not knowing what was going on, he let out a pathetic scream, and in his distorted, armless giant form… started running away towards the back alley.
THUD, THUD, THUD!
The rock monster began to run through the royal capital, shaking the ground.
…With the werewolf and the dirty old man still stuck to its chest.
“BUBUBUBUBUBUーーー!!”
Destroy Bunbun naturally chased after him.
And here, the third round of the chase for honey… has begun!
* * *
“…Rrrgh!”
“Pipi!”
“AAAAAGH!”
“Pipipipipi!”
“RAAAAAAAAAAH!!”
“Pipipipiiiiーーー!!”
Now.
Emi, after confirming that General Orbos had started fighting with the sudden intruder, immediately abandoned them both.
Cutting down the remaining Mechanical Soldiers, she continued to advance.
Beyond the Mechanical Soldiers’ defenses.
That suspicious jester with the glowing eyes must be there.
‘I’ll go with her.’
The jester definitely said that to Emi.
In other words, he must be plotting something against her, and it’s probably something bad.
She can’t just leave him be!
“…………”
And she arrived at a truly majestic-looking, five-story building.
A historical landmark that survived the Dark Ages.
Duke Daychib’s mansion.
“““Pipipipiiiiーーー!!!”””
Cutting down the attacking Mechanical Soldiers with hand chops, Emi finally passed through its grandly decorated gate!