Ahate Appears and Dies Casually
* * *
Illuminated by the setting sun.
I run through the forest.
The flowing scenery is red and black.
The color of the bright red sunset and shadows.
<What’s wrong, Emi? You seem kind of poetic all of a sudden.>
Ah, I wonder if that’s it.
Maybe my artistic sense just exploded here.
<It’s okay, Emi. It’s poetic, but definitely not good.>
What’s okay? I’ll beat you up.
That’s just embarrassing!
While talking about random things with Extra-sama, I run, run, run through the forest!
If I put strength into my jump, from there on, it’s forest-limited aerial movement.
Kick, kick, kick the trunks of the numerous large trees!
Moving as if literally flying.
Adjusting my strength so as not to destroy the footing.
For me, who feels like I’m getting stronger day by day, that strength adjustment is the most difficult.
<Ah, Emi, there’s a body of water.>
Being told that, I focus on what’s in front of me, and there is a relatively large, beautiful circular spring.
Alright!
I kicked the trunk of a large tree and flew straight into that spring!
Splash!!
Water droplets scattered high into the sky, sparkling as they caught the setting sun.
I gazed at that sight while floating on my back in the spring.
While gazing, I washed off the blood and dirt that had clung to my whole body underground.
【Peel】, 【Peel】, 【Peel】!
If I use my unique ability, even stubborn dirt can be easily removed.
Without even scrubbing with my hands, just by floating, I become clean.
Ah, it feels so good.
<By the way, was it okay not to ask?>
…What’s with the suddenness, Extra-sama?
What are you talking about?
<About Leseida. You suspected that person might be related to Kamasse by blood, right? Was it okay not to confirm it?>
Ah… that’s what you mean.
The hair color, facial features, eyes…
That scholar teacher called Leseida-san really resembled Kamasse.
They’re definitely siblings or cousins or something like that.
<So, was it okay not to confirm it?>
It’s fine, it’s fine.
Even if I confirm it, it wouldn’t change anything.
“If that face dies, I couldn’t sleep at night,” that’s all there is to it.
Since he didn’t die, that’s good enough.
Floating, floating.
This time, I held my breath and flipped over on the water surface, lying face down.
【Peel】, 【Peel】, 【Peel】!
Now the front of my body is also sparkling clean.
<Even so, today was really a disaster, wasn’t it?>
No, it really was.
Just when I thought I had finally escaped from my overly restrictive mother, I get caught up in an incident like this.
I’m surprised.
<I never thought that while walking in the forest, the ground would suddenly collapse.>
The shrimp were delicious, so it’s fine.
No, really, every single time I get involved in something.
I’m really unlucky, aren’t I?
<……Yes, indeed. That may be your fate……… Yes, um, maybe, yeah.>
Rotating again and taking a breath.
Having become completely clean, I leisurely swim to the shore while lying on my back.
Filling my vision are the bright red clouds flowing across the sky, bathed in the setting sun.
And the stars that have started twinkling.
Even so, Extra-sama.
<What is it?>
That guy named Mitran.
He was kind of weak, you know.
Is he really a reincarnator?
<I think there’s no doubt. He had that kind of smell. Sometimes, a little bit of divine energy was leaking out.>
But he was weak, right?
<He was quite strong, though. Besides, it’s common for gods to not over-strengthen the protagonist from the beginning in order to make their own isekai reincarnation broadcast story interesting.>
Hmm?
<Besides, if you fought Mitran, you would lose. If he’s cornered, he would be forcibly made to “awaken” by the gods. If that happens, it’s over. I was really nervous when you punched him that last time…>
Well, you see.
Since he’s a reincarnator, doesn’t that mean he’s also my classmate from my previous life?
I don’t know who, though.
I had to punch him at least once.
…What I’m worried about is whether it will be found out that I’m a reincarnator too.
In my previous life, I was thoroughly and incomprehensibly hated by everything in the world.
The moment it’s known that my previous life self was Emi Rune, even Mitran, who didn’t hate black hair and black eyes that much, might become hostile, I think. TL Note: I think Author meant to say Aihara Runa here, but they wrote Emi Rune instead.
<It’s not definite, but rest assured. Basically, the reincarnators who appear in the gods’ isekai reincarnation broadcasts have their thoughts controlled so that the idea of “there might be other reincarnators besides me” doesn’t occur to them. If they start searching for reincarnators, not only their own but also other gods’ stories would be messed up.>
I see, that’s good.
Then I can feel at ease.
<If anything, the problem is the gods who will end up watching Mitran’s activities this time. They can’t possibly not be interested when a strong person like you, who they don’t understand well, suddenly appears.>
I see, that’s not good.
Then I can’t feel at ease.
<But we have countermeasures for that too. I am an existence that clings to your soul and only gazes at the present world, but I am working to conceal your soul and make it as invisible as possible to the eyes of the gods.>
Huh, really!?
You were doing that for me, Extra-sama!?
<If I don’t do that, your soul is distinctive, you know. It will be immediately discovered by the gods. The result of that, the interference you would receive… is not amusing to me.>
Ah, I see.
My soul… really stinks, doesn’t it…?
<Ufufu, that’s not the case at all. It’s just that those who can’t understand your good points have a low level… The topic has strayed, but I want you to be able to enjoy this world freely and live as you like. To that end, I will provide this level of support as much as you want… Anyway, you still won’t be captured by the gods. Rest assured.>
Phew, I see, I see.
Then I can feel relieved.
Now then, splash.
Having reached the shore, I stand up and shake my body.
I use 【Dry】 to dry myself.
After that, I turn around.
And standing there was.
A pure white giant deer with its fur dyed a burning red color by the setting sun.
It was a huge deer that I felt like I had seen somewhere before.
* * *
<<<You filthy human! How dare you defile this sacred land guarded by me, the guardian sacred beast Ahate!?>>>
That giant deer, its body trembling with anger, spoke those words the moment our eyes met!
Huh, what!?
The deer is talking!
<No way a deer can talk, right?>
No, smart deer can talk!
Rather than talking, this is 【Telepathy】!
It’s not an impossible story, this world is quite fantasy-like!
<<<Hey! Can’t you hear me!?>>>
The giant deer doesn’t seem pleased with me spacing out and conversing with Extra-sama.
It swings its antlers around and kicks the ground with its front legs, intimidating me.
But, you know.
I feel like I’ve seen a deer like this before.
<Ah… We hunted one on that night a while back, didn’t we?>
I had a feeling that giant deer was also talking… or something.
It wasn’t just my imagination after all, probably.
<That one was delicious, wasn’t it?>
<<<Tch, you can’t even speak from too much fear… Well, whatever. Either way, the moment you invaded my sacred spring, your death sentence was set in stone. Atone for that rudeness with the pain of death!>>>
Declaring that in a high-handed and one-sided manner, that giant deer began charging towards me while swinging its antlers!
Even if stabbed by those sharp antlers!
Even if kicked by those huge hooves!
If it were an ordinary human, instant death would be certain!
<What will you do?>
Extra-sama asks that while watching the scene.
What will I do?
It’s obvious, isn’t it?
That thing became hostile towards me.
I’ll kill it.
* * *
That night, I grilled and ate a large amount of meat.
It was delicious.