The Awakening of a Boy from Nut-Gathering Village
* * *
Arc 27 begins.
I was planning to make this a one-shot super-short story, but it ended up being a short story with several chapters.
Please enjoy.
Pikurutz is a Familiar Tamer.
With his partner, a young dragon he’s bonded with, he carries a sword he found in a dungeon and travels around the world.
Sometimes he discovers ancient ruins in the depths of unexplored jungles, and sometimes he fights hordes of rampaging magical creatures to protect towns.
Every day is a series of thrilling adventures!
…In his dreams.
“Wake up already, PIKURUTZ!!”
“Ngyaa!?”
But that exciting, thrilling adventure was suddenly shattered by an angry shout right next to his ear!
Just a moment ago, Pikurutz should have been escorting the incredibly beautiful daughter of a feudal lord to a banquet to celebrate the defeat of a stampede!
He rubbed his blurry eyes, and!
Standing before him, with her hands on her hips and her shoulders squared, wasn’t a young lady in a dress that sparkled like the stars, but… his stout mother, wearing a robe stained with chemicals!
…A very unfortunate turn of events!!
“Did you just think something rude!?”
“Ngyah!?”
As expected of a mother.
Somehow reading Pikurutz’s thoughts, she delivered a rather unreasonable chop to his head, completely waking him up.
And then, looking at Pikurutz rolling around on the bed, clutching his head in pain, and… at the book lying next to his pillow, she sighed.
“You stayed up late again… I told you yesterday to make sure you didn’t oversleep.”
Pikurutz, sensing danger from his mother’s completely exasperated tone and the look she’s giving the book next to his pillow… ‘Sakura, the Progenitor of All Familiar Tamers’… hurriedly grabbed the book and held it to his chest.
This ‘Sakura, the Progenitor of All Familiar Tamers’ is an adventure story, compiled by the son of a Familiar Tamer named Sakura, who once existed… and it’s Pikurutz’s favorite book, as he aspires to become a Familiar Tamer.
No… this book is, at this point, his bible.
It’s his treasure.
But if he lets his guard down for even a moment, his uncomprehending mother will probably confiscate his bible and use it as fuel for making medicine!
He absolutely must avoid that!
“…Sigh, you’re already 14 years old, when will you stop acting like a child… Ezeron is already up, helping your father stir the medicine in the pot, you know? Don’t you feel ashamed?”
“…………”
Ezeron.
Hearing that name made Pikurutz’s heart ache, and his body felt heavy.
Ezeron is the name of Pikurutz’s younger brother, two years his junior.
Talented, and serious.
He’s a quick learner, with a rich imagination.
Pikurutz’s family has been making magical power recovery potions for generations, and Ezeron is apparently already learning the secret techniques of potion-making from their father.
On top of that, Ezeron is always smiling and good-natured, and even handsome.
Unlike Pikurutz, who always has sleepy, somewhat murky eyes, Ezeron’s eyes are round and bright.
His nose bridge is high, and his face is small.
He’s smaller than Pikurutz’s, by at least one size!
The only thing they have in common is their brown skin.
Anyway, even though he’s two years younger, he’s superior to Pikurutz in everything.
That’s Ezeron.
“Anyway, just get up! And go ‘nut-gathering’! If you don’t hurry, the magical creatures will eat all the ‘spirit tree nuts’! When you’ve gathered 20, come back for breakfast! Now, go, go!”
Perhaps she noticed that she had inadvertently hit a nerve with her stray remark.
Pikurutz’s mother, embarrassed, hurriedly made him stand up and handed him a pharmacist’s robe.
Pikurutz, his mood completely gloomy, put on the robe, slung a shoulder bag over his shoulder, wrapped a belt around his waist, and tucked a magical power recovery potion into it.
He’s carrying his bible in his shoulder bag.
He can’t leave it in his room, he doesn’t want it to be burned.
“Well, Mom, I’m going.”
Pikurutz, having prepared himself in his own way, said that in a listless voice, and left the room.
His reddish-brown hair, reaching to his shoulders, is still messy from sleep.
Seeing that, Pikurutz’s mother sighed, her eyebrows lowered… and scratched her head—Polipoli.
【Sakura】
A former reincarnated person.
She could communicate with monsters through 【Telepathy】, and became the progenitor of Familiar Tamers.
She had many tamed magical creatures, including the Pale Pink Dragon, Oka, and went on great adventures, which were compiled into an adventure story.
Refer to Arc 11.
【Familiar Tamer】
A person who tames and controls magical creatures, using them to do various things.
A Familiar Tamer who appeared in the story is the Monster Master, who appeared in Arc 13.
In a broad sense, the transporters Harishurap and Barishdop, who appeared in Arc 26, are also Familiar Tamers.
TL Note: I edited some terms used in chapter 175 for more consistency.