The Ordinary Adventurer Sees the Not-So-Ordinary Girl
* * *
Not ordinary.
That was the impression that Yuju, the “ordinary” rank 1 adventurer, had of the girl who had newly entered the room.
The intimidating aura she emits is not ordinary.
The amount of magic power felt to be brimming in that small body is not ordinary.
And the beauty revealed when she casually took off the hood she was wearing is not ordinary.
Anyway, it’s not ordinary.
In Yuju’s adventurer life up until now, the opponents she felt were “not ordinary” were usually troublesome guys.
For example, the ferocious lord of the mountain who has lived a long life, or the wanted mass murderer.
That’s why Yuju instinctively tried to take evasive action against that black-haired, black-eyed girl.
Instantly simulate the upcoming movements.
First, forcefully pull the chair Taiche is sitting on, sliding her on the chair towards the window to help her escape.
Next, kick up the table and while spinning once with that momentum, retreat to the back.
Upon landing, activate the magical armlets equipped on both arms to instantly form a fan-shaped shield.
By the time the kicked table falls and becomes a barricade, get ready to draw your sword at any time…
But, however.
Yuju didn’t take this evasive action.
No, it should be said that she couldn’t.
Because, while doing this simulation, the movement of unconsciously sliding her hand to the hilt of the sword.
In that brief moment of less than a second.
That girl stared at that instantaneous movement with her black eyes, expressionlessly, boredly, but never taking her eyes off it.
Just from that, Yuju realized.
She can’t win against this.
No matter what kind of evasive action Yuju takes from now on.
That not-so-ordinary girl can intervene in each and every one of them as she pleases and crush them.
She understood the overwhelming difference in ability.
Then, since that’s the case.
Resistance is futile.
Yuju instantly returns her elevated spirit from the instinctive sense of danger back to “ordinary” by the power of will.
She puts on a smile nonchalantly.
In short, she gave up on dealing with the not-so-ordinary girl in front of her eyes.
But conversely, she regained her composure and switched her mindset to be able to deal with other threats ordinarily.
This is why Yuju is an ordinarily excellent rank 1 adventurer.
“…As expected. To be completely unfazed by this.”
The special affairs officer, who was showing a strained smile with a pale face upon receiving the girl’s 【Intimidation】, saw Yuju’s appearance and misunderstood that she was not affected by this 【Intimidation】 at all.
Yuju decided that there was no need to correct that misunderstanding…
It would add prestige to her.
“No, no, it’s ordinary, ordinary!”
So while giving such a random reply, Yuju was being carefree.
But, however.
Despite being forcibly carefree like that, Yuju was surprised to see what happened next.
What happened was.
The head of that not-so-ordinary girl that Yuju gave up on dealing with.
A man named John, who has a villain’s face but is clearly an ordinary civilian no matter how you look at it.
Lightly poked her head without any fear.
* * *
“You idiot!!”
The old man scolds me while poking my head.
“But.”
“No ‘but’! I told you to refrain from using that 【Intimidation】 of yours on people as much as possible because it’s bad for the heart! Those people are clearly guests, so why do you immediately take a combative stance!?”
“But.”
“No ‘but’!”
Now, I, Emi-chan, am currently being scolded harshly by the old man Giovanno.
You see, when I was called by the perverted old geezer and came to the conference room, there were two unfamiliar ladies.
I don’t know who they are, but I can’t let them look down on me, right?
So for the time being, I used 【Intimidation】.
It seems the old man didn’t take too kindly to that.
But thinking back to the past, my master also scattered 【Intimidation】 quite often.
I think making it clear who is superior is very important when building human relationships, you know?
<Oh… Emi, who used to be taciturn and had trouble even talking to people at first, is now talking about human relationships! You’ve grown, Emi…!>
Ehehe, even I don’t stay a child forever, Extra-sama!
“Hey, are you listening, Emi!?”
Geez, the old man is noisy.
Annoying.
I turn away with a pout.
But the old man immediately twists my neck and forcibly makes me face forward.
“Look at Miss Taiche’s face! Don’t you feel sorry for making her face so pale?”
Taiche?
<Probably the plain-faced woman sitting across the table.>
Oh, yeah, her complexion is certainly bad…
But…
“She’s smiling?”
“Her face is strained…”
The old man sighed while holding his forehead with one hand.
Yeah, but certainly.
If she feels unwell because of my 【Intimidation】, then I’m sorry about that.
“But the lady behind her seems fine?”
I point my finger and pout at the lady standing carefree and smiling behind the person called Taiche, with a sword at her waist.
“Miss Yuju is a rank 1 adventurer. She’s probably used to 【Intimidation】. But there are people who aren’t. If you pick fights with everyone indiscriminately, it will only create unnecessary friction. Think a little before acting.”
“…I understand. I’m sorry.”
Well, I understand what the old man is trying to say.
I’ll apologize here and settle this matter.
Because I’m quite an adult in terms of mental age!
<You’re great, Emi!>
Fufun, I knew it!
“Um… are you okay, Taiche?”
The perverted old geezer patted Taiche’s shoulder with concern.
After wiping her forehead with a handkerchief and clearing her throat once, Taiche stood up with a remade smile and bent her waist to meet my eye level.
“Excuse me. You are Emi-san, right?”
“…? Yeah, but?”
How does she know my name?
Did the old men tell her?
“Taiche, this child is, you know, the biggest contributor in creating this base! As you probably understood from earlier, she’s ridiculously strong! I was planning to introduce her to you too, so I called her in advance, but it seems the timing was also good!”
Introduce me?
Why?
I mean, who is this person in the first place?
Noticing my tilted head, the plain-faced Taiche opened her mouth towards me.
“Hello. I’m Taiche, working at the Adventurer’s Guild headquarters. Emi-san, may I have a little talk with you?”
And then she said that.
* * *
Now, after that.
Since this will be a personal talk about me from now on, the decently blonde guy and the cowardly dirty shaggy errand boy left the room.
I’m now sitting across the table from this person named Taiche.
I finished the vinegar water served by the alcohol-smelling woman who came to the room before the discussion in seconds.
“Then, before getting to the main topic, I have a few questions, but… Emi-san, have you ever been to a town called Yoshanka?”
Yoshanka?
<Oh, you know, the stone-built town near the Kaise Forest. It’s windy.>
Oh, I remember.
Come to think of it, I feel like I’ve been to a town like that.
“I have.”
“Then, was there anyone there who had a relationship with you?”
“Kamasse.”
“I see.”
Hm? Hm? Hm?
What’s this?
An interrogation?
Ah, could it be… Kamasse, did he do something bad!?
“Kamasse is a good guy, you know?”
“Yes, I’m well aware. He is a promising rank 2 adventurer who can be trusted both in terms of ability and personality.”
Huh, rank 2?
<If I remember correctly, he was rank 4 when we met before, right?>
I see, really~!
Kamasse got promoted!
He’s working hard too~!
Even though it’s about someone else, I’m happy!
“Let’s get back on topic. When you visited the Adventurer’s Guild branch in Yoshanka, what did you give to the receptionist there?”
…I think for a bit.
I don’t remember something from so long ago.
Why are you asking me that, this person?
<Oh, it was a recommendation letter, right? From the baron!>
“A recommendation letter.”
“From whom?”
“Baron Martz Salar.”
“That’s enough. I, Special Affairs Officer Taiche, have confirmed that you are Emi-san yourself.”
Saying that, Taiche casually stood up… and bowed her head towards me, bending her waist.
Hm?
Hmmmm!?
What!? What!? What is this!?
Not understanding, I unintentionally look at the face of the old man sitting next to me.
“No, don’t ask me for help. I can’t see the story either.”
Towards us who were perplexed, Taiche said in a clear voice while keeping her head bowed.
“Emi-san, we at the Adventurer’s Guild apologize to you! We are truly sorry!”
…Huh?
Not understanding, I unintentionally look at the face of the old man sitting next to me.
“No, like I said, I don’t understand either. What in the world is this about?”
We tilted our heads together.
Seeing that, Taiche, who had raised her head, made a wry smile.
“…I certainly didn’t expect you to make a face that looks so clueless. Let me explain from the beginning.”
Saying that, Taiche sat back in her chair.
“Actually…”
And then, she casually opened her mouth… that’s when it happened!
Boom!!
Boom, boom boom!!
BOOOOOOM!!
The roaring sounds and accompanying vibrations that rang out one after another assaulted us!
The mysterious roars forcibly cut off the negotiation part that seemed to continue for a long time!
Arc 12, which has been long, is finally reaching its climax.