What I Have Inherited
* * *
Under a cloudless blue sky, a beautiful green grassland spreads out.
The same unchanging scenery as always.
The time is noon.
Illuminated by the sunlight high in the sky, the flowers and grass sway in the wind, shining vibrantly.
In the midst of such a grassland on Vera Kenu, two figures are facing each other in confrontation.
One is Lairine.
Just based on appearance, she is a woman who maintains the youth of her 20s.
She usually wears a coat and a hat, giving the impression of a fashionable city girl, but her attire today is different from usual.
She is wearing a simple short-sleeved shirt and long pants, each with some patterns on the sleeves.
Of course, there is no doubt that they are high-quality items, but above all, she is wearing clothes that prioritize ease of movement.
And unlike usual, she is revealing her original power as a demigod.
Her body is shining due to the condensed magical power circulating within her, and the surrounding space is creaking from the pressure emitted by her.
It is a pressure that could make an ordinary person lose consciousness just by catching a glimpse of her.
However, even while emitting such pressure, her appearance of smiling beautifully and gently is nothing short of divine.
If her opponent were not Emi, a new faith might have been born here.
Now, as just mentioned, the girl facing such a Lairine is Emi.
This girl, who possesses black hair and black eyes, an appearance detested as a cursed child in this world, yet endowed with a terrifyingly beautiful face, is wrapped in a stiff, belt-like… black cloth-like object all over her body, not accentuating her beauty at all.
This black cloth is something Emi prepared herself.
In other words, it is a transformed version of her unique ability 【Black Arms】.
Up until now, 【Black Arms】 could only be transformed into a rugged, rock armor-like appearance, but as a result of her tireless daily efforts, Emi has managed to reproduce a cloth-like texture to some extent.
However, even with a cloth-like texture, the occasional rusty red color still surfaces, and combined with her magical power leaking out like a pitch-black haze in response to her fighting spirit, her current appearance could be mistaken for a terrifying humanoid monster.
It is a ferocity that would make an ordinary person cry and run away.
Yet, while gazing straight at Lairine, the face burning with fighting spirit in her eyes is still beautiful.
Only Lairine, who is facing her, can savor that beauty.
“Now, are you ready?”
“Of course.”
After exchanging such few words, the two started the battle without even a signal to begin.
Today is the day of the trial.
For Emi to go out into the outside world.
In other words, exactly one month has passed since Emi’s declaration.
* * *
Emi, heading straight towards Lairine, swings her right fist with great force.
That fist, which could even pierce through castle walls, has the impact of being hit by an acorn for Lairine.
She lightly brushes it aside.
The following left fist and the right fist again, too.
However, Emi doesn’t give up and continues to strike Lairine with her fists, right, left, right, left, without stopping.
How pitiful and adorable it is to see her desperately fighting!
While perfectly defending against those attacks, the corners of Lairine’s eyes unintentionally drop, and the corners of her mouth rise.
By the way, this is Lairine’s personal impression, and if speaking objectively from the perspective of an ordinary person, Emi’s attacks are a storm-like fierce onslaught too fast to be seen.
Normally, even if it’s just a single blow, if one were to receive that fist without being able to defend against it due to the impact, their body would be blown apart into miserable chunks of flesh.
If you’re punched by Emi, be prepared for death.
Now, perhaps judging that it’s futile to have all her fists blocked, Emi launched a sharp kick aimed at Lairine’s abdomen.
Lairine, of course, easily intercepts it.
However, this kick doesn’t seem to be for attacking purposes.
Using the palm that caught her kick as a foothold, Emi puts strength into it and leaps back several meters.
“Is this a redo, I wonder?”
“…”
In response to Lairine, who calls out to her with a smile, Emi is silent.
Silently taking a forward-leaning posture, she charges again.
(Fast!)
Lairine is surprised and widens her eyes at that speed!
Emi’s movements have clearly become several times faster compared to before!
(It doesn’t seem like her body is just warming up…)
This is probably a feint.
Come to think of it, Emi’s attacks earlier had only a little more vigor compared to a month ago.
First, she deliberately attacks slowly to accustom the opponent’s eyes to it, and then she bewilders them with the serious speed that fully utilizes the results of her training.
Indeed, it can certainly be said to be an effective measure.
…If the opponent weren’t Lairine, that is.
“Ufufu.”
Emi, who is earnestly devising ways to fight, is so cute that a laugh unintentionally escapes from Lairine’s mouth.
After all, there is an overwhelming difference in power between Emi and Lairine.
Even if Emi’s movements become several times faster, while it may surprise her a little, it poses no threat to Lairine.
Right fist, left fist, right fist, left foot, right fist, left fist, headbutt…
Lairine continues to defend against all of them, just like before, without any change.
“Emi-chan… You’ve worked hard on your training this past month.”
Lairine still has plenty of leeway.
That’s why she has the leeway to chat while defending against Emi’s fierce attacks.
“Certainly, in this one month, the ‘techniques’ of the ‘Grim Reaper’ within you have been polished to a far higher level. You’re truly a genius.”
While brushing off punches and evading kicks, she speaks with a smile.
“But… I told you, right? ‘Techniques’ are ultimately the struggles of the weak. In the face of overwhelming strength, techniques are far too powerless.”
Gently, gently, she denies Emi’s efforts.
“What you need are specs. And it’s easy for you to acquire them… You just need to be with me. I have 300 years’ worth of experience and knowledge as your predecessor. I can efficiently nurture your specs.”
And she asserts.
“What you need… What is suitable for you is not the ‘Grim Reaper.’ It’s me!”
“Nonsense… ridiculous.”
Then, here.
“Don’t talk as if you know.”
While striking with her fists and feet, Emi opened her mouth for the first time since the start of the battle.
“But it’s the truth, isn’t it?”
“It’s not.”
Lairine asked with a troubled expression.
Emi continues her fierce attacks with an expressionless face.
“You are with me. That’s why I, as your predecessor…”
“That’s not it.”
“…That’s not it?”
Lairine finally tilts her head.
She doesn’t understand what Emi is trying to say.
If this is aimed at disrupting her thoughts through conversation, that scheme is a great success.
…For Lairine, such a petty trick is completely meaningless, though.
“You don’t know anything. You don’t even try to know. Even though you call yourself a mother.”
“Huh, wait… What are you saying…?”
Emi seems to be angry.
The speed of her attacks is increasing further, but more than that, Lairine is shaken by the anger mixed in Emi’s tone.
Lairine has no idea why Emi is angry.
“I said it! ‘I will polish what I have inherited and definitely land a single blow on you’!”
“Huh, what?”
Right fist, left fist, right foot, left fist!
As if in response to Emi’s anger, the power of her attacks gradually increases…!
“You don’t know anything! About my life! You don’t even try to know! What I have ‘inherited’! What is the thing I have ‘inherited’!”
Here, Emi hops back, thump, thump, once again creating distance from Lairine.
“That’s why you will lose today.”
The moment Emi declared that…!
The black cloth she was wearing… instantly unraveled and formed two new arms above her shoulders.
Rugged, spiky, ferocious, and grim-shaped black arms.
【Black Arms】.
“You will lose to everything I have inherited!!”
Emi shouted while taking a stance with her four arms and charged at Lairine again!