The Princess’s Reward
* * *
The princess’s glow didn’t last long.
After less than ten seconds, the light from the undoing of the 【Dollfication】 gradually decreased, and then—
The moment the glow completely subsided—
The wind, blowing—byuu—through the hole in the dilapidated fort wall—
Gently rustled her light blonde hair, with a hint of pink at the tips, reaching down to her waist.
Which had been completely still for five hundred years.
“Ah…”
And at the same time, the princess opened her large, blue eyes wide.
“Ah, ah…”
And she trembled, spreading her hands out in front of her chest, opening and closing them repeatedly.
“Aah!”
She hugged her shoulders, and let out a cry of joy!
A single tear rolled down from her eyes, creating a small stain on the floor.
“Princess, I’m glad for you.”
“!”
Now, the princess, who had been trembling with joy for a while, came back to her senses when I called out to her.
“…Ahem.”
And then, blushing, she cleared her throat, straightened her back, and said—
“Thank you for saving me… brave one.”
She said that and smiled beautifully.
“I originally learned how to manipulate mana… as a member of the royal family. Therefore, although I was unable to move as a doll… I was able to ‘see’ everything you did. Your actions, defeating those evil Superbad people, were truly amazing.”
Smiling, the princess bestowed upon me… those ‘words of praise’.
<…She was ‘seeing’ everything, huh?>
But the timing of the phantom’s appearances, giving advice… was a little off…
<There were probably restrictions on her special ability, like she can’t make the phantom appear unless certain conditions are met.>
…Hmm?
Or rather, if she was ‘seeing’ everything, that means…
“…I’ll overlook… how I was treated when you defeated General Tekigataa… Yes, I’ll let it go.”
“…………”
The princess… seems to have some thoughts about being treated as a 【Princess Club】 and a 【Princess Surfing】 board…
I involuntarily averted my gaze, sensing a hint of anger in the princess’s eyes, which were still smiling.
“Ufufu! Really, you don’t have to worry about it.”
Seeing my reaction, the princess chuckled.
“Because I’m truly grateful to you! You freed me from a state where I couldn’t move an inch as a doll, and could only ‘continue to exist’.”
And she started talking, her gaze distant.
“To be unable to move… It’s an incredibly painful experience. I don’t know how many times I almost went insane. But fortunately, I was able to manipulate mana even though I couldn’t move. And I also had my pride as a member of the royal family. That pride… probably prevented my ego from collapsing.”
<That is certainly possible. An ordinary person wouldn’t be able to withstand five hundred years of 【Dollfication】.>
Then, the other victims of 【Dollfication】, besides this princess…
<They’re probably beyond saving. Even if the 【Dollfication】 is undone, their hearts are probably dead. This princess is a special case.>
“Well, let’s put that aside… I’ve talked for a long time, but I, Kawayuikko Me Hi Yoiyattsu, the first princess of the great Yoiyattsu Kingdom… must repay you, brave one, for saving me.”
Now, the princess, stopping her reminiscing, smiled at me again, and said that.
<Th-This is… reward time!? To receive a reward for saving the princess! It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that it’s one of the most famous clichés in isekai reincarnation broadcasts!>
Putting aside Extra-sama, who is reacting strangely, sensing the smell of a cliché…
“What is your name?”
“I’m a traveler. Emi Rune.”
I gave the princess my name.
The princess, looking straight into my eyes, nodded, and said—
“Then, Emi… I allow you to serve me… as my first knight. Let us work together to make the Yoiyattsu Kingdom prosper!”
Powerfully!
The princess, her eyes shining, said that to me!
I!
Looking straight back at her!
“Eh… I don’t want to!”
I replied!
“…Why?”
The princess, narrowing her eyes, tilted her head, and asked that.
Although she’s smiling… I feel an incredible pressure from her…
<Well, she is a member of the royal family… She probably never imagined her offer would be refused.>
Hmm, even if you say that…
“It sounds boring…”
I’ve been traveling freely for so long… I don’t think I can hold a normal job.
And a knight, on top of that!
There are definitely going to be rules I have to follow every day.
I’m sure I can’t handle that?
<Ahhh, I’m sure you’ll get irritated, and go berserk. I can see it now—you accidentally killing someone you don’t like!>
I can’t deny that, but it’s sad that you’re so sure about it!
<Don’t worry! I love you, even if you’re a murderer!>
I’m glad you’re affirming me… but I feel like the way you affirm me isn’t very good!?
As I thought, Extra-sama, your sensibilities in that area are a bit strange, aren’t they??
“…I think it’s an incredible honor… to be ‘the princess’s knight’… But if you don’t want it, I can’t force you. I deeply apologize for making such a common sense proposal to you, who has such a unique sense of values as to casually treat a princess as a blunt weapon.”
It seems that the princess understands that I don’t want to become a knight.
Sighing softly, she retracted her offer, although she was quite openly belittling me.
“Then, at least, please accept my gratitude. Emi-sama, thank you so much.”
And the princess, smiling wryly, lowered her hips, brought her face close to mine, and—
Chu.
Kissed my forehead.
And then, staring into my eyes, she—
Smiled.
“【Dollfication】.”
She muttered that.
At that moment, I realized my mistake!
My body… can’t move!
Not only can I not move a single finger… I can’t even blink!
This… this state!
It’s definitely the same state as the princess from earlier!
Am I… being turned into a doll!?
<Eh, why!? Why can Kawayuikko use 【Dollfication】!? That was General Tekigataa’s special ability!?>
“Are you wondering why I can use 【Dollfication】? Ufufu… Five hundred years, you know? I had plenty of time… to analyze and learn the special ability that was used on me… However, I couldn’t undo it myself.”
As if she could see through me and Extra-sama’s agitation, Kawayuikko… erased her previous gentle smile, and grinned, cruelly.
“It can’t be helped that you don’t want to serve me. Then you can be useful to me in a different way… As a doll who can’t move for the rest of her life, okay?”
Kawayuikko stood up, looked down at me… and said that, in a cold voice.