Crush the Mechanical and Grotesque Puppets! 13
* * *
“RAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!”
Emi, seeing the old man with the green jewel stuck to his forehead, immediately put strength into her legs, leaped towards him with a single jump.
Her aim is, of course, the ‘Simulated Soul Mana Siphoning Device, Last Dream’, which is still flickering and intermittently producing green goo!
Emi, flying straight towards the old man, extended her right hand.
And then, about one meter left before her right hand reached the jewel on the old man’s forehead…
…At that distance.
Her movements… suddenly stopped.
“!?”
What happened?
It’s obvious if you look at Emi’s body.
Several tentacles were extending from the surrounding goo… wrapping around her body!
“Don’t come near me, don’t come near me, don’t come near me, don’t come neaaar meeee! Go away, go awaaaaayーーー!!”
La Sbos Daychib, the Duke, most of his body submerged in green goo, his face pale, spittle flying from his mouth, screamed in a frenzy!
And he tried to use the green tentacles wrapped around Emi to throw her away.
…But!
“RAAAAAAAAAAH!!!”
Emi, regaining her composure, let out a shout. The back of her jet-black armor bulged, and two cylinders emerged!
And then!
Whoosh…!
Whoosh, whoosh!!
WHOOOOOOOOOOSH!!!
Like a jet engine, jet-black haze… Emi’s mana, gushed out, generating propulsion…
…And started pushing her body forward, resisting the force of the tentacles!
“H-Haaaaaaaaaaaaah!?”
The Duke, dumbfounded, his mouth agape at her unexpected actions, but even as he watched, the tentacles wrapped around Emi were torn off one after another!
“D-don’t! Don’t screw with meeeーーー!!”
The Duke, snapping out of it, extended more tentacles to bind Emi… but he couldn’t stop her!
Gradually, albeit slowly, the black-haired, black-eyed girl was steadily approaching him!
“This! This is my dreamーーー!?”
The Duke!
This old man, trying to look young!
Sbos shouted!
“It’s my aspiration! No one can make fun of me! This is my strengthーーー!?”
Large tears rolled down his cheeks!
Snot started dripping from his nose!
“Don’t destroy my dream! Go awayyyyyyyyーーー!!”
And after saying that, Sbos sank deeper into the green goo behind him, disappearing from sight!
“…Dreams, huh?”
Emi muttered, hearing that.
“Then.”
She added more nozzles to her back, paka, paka, pakari!
“WAKE… UUUUPーーー!!!”
And unleashed an even more powerful mana jet propulsion!!
Rip… rip, rip, rip, rip!!
The green tentacles, unable to withstand the force, were all torn off!
“RAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!”
Emi, freed from her restraints, crashed into the wall of green goo where Sbos was hiding with tremendous force!!
The incredible propulsive force generated by the mana jet propulsion!
And by twisting her body and spinning at super speed!
Emi achieved a drill-like movement!
She dug into the green wall, which should have had its hardness reinforced to some extent, easily penetrating it!
“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
What awaited Emi, who finally broke through the wall, screaming, was!
“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAHーーー!?”
La Sbos Daychib, the Duke, who had run out of options and could only cry out in despair!
Emi entered a state of extreme concentration!
In that state, where her subjective time slowed down.
She extended her right hand.
Grabbed Last Dream, which was stuck to Sbos’s forehead.
Instantly tore it off.
Twisted her body, narrowly avoiding a head-on collision with Sbos!
And then, she broke through the green goo behind him, flying out!
WHOOOOOOOOOOOSHーーー!!
It was the moment Emi landed on the lawn of the garden.
The green goo behind her shrunk with a sound like air escaping, and finally, losing its tension, it spread out on the ground, melting like a puddle…
…And then, as if being sucked into the earth, it disappeared.
What remained was La Sbos Daychib, the Duke, standing there dumbfounded.
He touched his forehead, confirming that Last Dream was gone.
And then, he fainted, collapsing onto the soft grass.
Looking closely at the old man, his chest was rising and falling slightly.
It seems he’s still alive.
But Emi wasn’t the least bit interested in whether this old man lived or died.
She still has something to do.
A final, important task… that even her stepmother, the Demigod Lairine, probably couldn’t do… that only she can do.
“…………”
Emi silently stared at Last Dream, rolling on her palm.
This jewel, as if resisting to the very end, continued to intermittently flicker and glow.
<Now… Emi…!!>
Extra-sama, in her mind, urging her to act, despite her apologetic tone.
Emi, with an expressionless face.
But she took a deep breath and exhaled.
Once again, determined.
She put the green jewel on her palm…
…And swallowed it whole.