I Will Protect My Friends!!!
* * *
“…Baron!”
I raced up the stairs and ran to the bedroom on the second floor, just as the Baron was coming out of the room carrying a sword for self-defense.
“! Emi… I’m sorry, this is an emergency situation, we’ll talk later. The alarm went off. I need to check if there are any abnormalities with the barrier stones and work on restoring it…”
“There’s an abnormality. The barrier is gone.”
“What!? …Emi, you can tell?”
I nodded firmly.
The Baron’s usual handsome smile had completely vanished from his face. His right hand touched the sword at his waist while his left hand nervously fiddled with his goatee.
“That’s not all. Report. There are lots of topopolocks overflowing from the forest. Probably a stampede?”
I didn’t forget to give my original report either.
Upon hearing that, the Baron’s face turned deathly pale.
Oh, now he’s started furiously plucking out his goatee hairs.
“Wh…wh…what do you mean? How many? What’s your assessment? How long until they reach the mansion!?”
Rarely flustered, the Baron panicked and asked in a flurry.
But reality is harsh.
“…Migyaaa! …Migyaaa!”
The cries of the topopolocks began to be heard in the distance.
“…They’re already that close.”
“Oh…oh…oh…”
The Baron covered his face with both hands and staggered.
It’s understandable that his strength would drain in such an emergency situation.
I won’t think he’s pathetic or anything.
…But honestly, I had been underestimating this Baron.
I realized that in the next moment.
“Aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh!!!”
!? Eh, what!?
The Baron let out a massive yell to muster his spirit!
And then he slapped his own cheek hard…!
Hey, what are you doing!?
You’re bleeding heavily from your nose!?
“Ngh…! Got my spirit back!!”
The Baron shouted, and the magical power he had been suppressing until now overflowed from his body, fully readying his combat stance.
Oh, that’s quite a formidable amount of magical power. This guy really is strong. Though his magical power control seems sloppy.
“My lord, what’s happening!?”
“The alarm went off, but I never thought…”
The servants came running over.
“Muu, fuwah… Father, so noisy in the morning…”
…Sara-chan also came out of the room, still sleepy.
The Lady was holding Sara’s shoulder while vigilantly watching all directions.
“Everyone, listen well! Just now, the barrier protecting this mansion was breached! The cause is unknown! Furthermore, a horde of monsters is closing in on us from the forest!”
Hearing the Baron declare this shocking situation, unease rippled through everyone.
However.
“Do not falter!!!”
The Baron’s booming rebuke shook the entire mansion.
I felt like the tension, anxiety, and unease in the air immediately thinned out.
“It’s been roughly 10 years since I came to govern this territory! We’ve cleared the forests, tilled the fields, and at times driven off monsters and bandits! That history has been a continuous series of hardships!”
The Baron’s speech continued.
“But we’ve overcome those hardships by joining our strengths, haven’t we!? This time will be no different! We’ll join forces to save the villagers and defend this land!!”
I glanced around at the others.
The servants and the Lady were all watching the Baron with burning gazes.
“Who is your lord!? It is I, Martz, the former A-rank adventurer known as ‘Sword Guardian’!! I vow to face this crisis with all my power so as not to disgrace the name bestowed upon me by His Majesty! Will you all…lend me your cooperation!?”
“Yes!!!”
Whoa…the Baron is amazing.
In an instant, he suppressed the servants’ unease and united their resolve.
<Is this the charisma of one who leads others?>
It may be more than that.
Just listening to that speech gave me motivation too, despite my short history with him.
Perhaps he was using some technique to imbue his voice with magical power, influencing the mental state of his listeners.
“First, Sneigen! You’ll come with me to the study! We’ll check the status of the barrier stones and work on restoring them!”
“Yes!”
“Next, Mauve! You’ll urgently gather all the villagers here to this mansion! Even without the barrier, this building is sturdier than any other! If we take shelter in the basement, we can prevent any loss of life!”
“Understood.”
“Maid! You’ll evacuate to the basement with my wife and daughter! The villagers will be arriving soon as well. They’re sure to be uneasy too, so please help my wife calm them down!”
“Y-y-yes, I understand!”
The Baron rapidly issued instructions to the servants one after another.
Finally, his eyes turned to me.
“And Emi. You hunt that many topopolocks every morning, don’t you? Dealing with them should be child’s play for you, right?”
“I’ll be fine. No problem.”
“Then Emi, you’ll intercept the monsters outside! Normally that would be my duty, but…I don’t have enough hands! Once the barrier is restored, I’ll join you immediately. Can you hold out until then?”
I nodded firmly.
Probably due to the effect of his earlier speech, my fighting spirit was burning fiercely.
“Eeh!? But, that’s…! It’s too dangerous for Emi!”
Sara-chan worriedly ran over.
She seemed to have fully woken up now.
With tears welling up in her large eyes, she peered into my face.
Ah, Sara-chan.
You’re worried about me.
…It warms my heart.
“…I’ll be okay.”
I firmly grasped Sara’s soft, beautiful hand.
Soft and smooth, completely unlike my muddy, bloody hands – a girl’s hand.
“I’m fairly strong, so I won’t lose to the monsters.”
“But, still…!”
“Young Lady, why are you worried about me?”
“Because! Because Emi is my friend!”
“…Thank you.”
Ah, Sara-chan is so cute.
I want to hug her tightly.
But I won’t, or she’ll get dirty.
I gazed straight into Sara’s eyes and told her.
“I want to protect you, Young Lady. Do you understand why?”
Ah, I lament that I can’t make a smile with this expressionless face!
“It’s because you’re my friend.”
With just those words, I ran out into the hallway.
Opening a window, I leapt outside from there.
The topopolocks had already approached close enough for their cries to be audible.
There was not a moment to spare.
Landing on the ground, I glared into the forest.
There were countless ominously glowing red eyes.
Come at me, you three-eyed freaks!
I won’t let you take a single step further.
…I will protect my friends!!!
You’re all going to die!!!