Prologue to the World at the Bottom of the Fog
* * *
Part 2 of ‘The Reincarnated Extra’ begins.
The stage for the first arc of Part 2 is the Fantasy Continent, Nijial!
Since it’s called the Fantasy Continent, it must be fantastical, right?
Mysterious scenery… and different races!
Since this is a high fantasy genre, I, the author, will do my best to show you a fantastical world.
Now, let’s begin Arc 19.
I hope you enjoy it!
The Eserem Sea of Fog.
A world filled with fog with an incredibly high mana concentration.
For many creatures, such a high mana concentration is poisonous.
Therefore, only a limited number of species are allowed to live in this world of fog.
For example, flying fish.
They’re a group of species that can’t survive without a high concentration of mana in the air.
That’s why the Eserem Sea of Fog was their paradise.
Then, inevitably…
One of the flying fish species would become the dominant species in this paradise.
It’s easy to guess, and that’s exactly what happened.
The current dominant species of the Eserem Sea of Fog is a type of flying fish… the Flying Kobudai clan.
Kobudai are a type of wrasse that develop a large hump on their forehead as they grow.
And the Flying Kobudai clan are… Kobudai that have gained the ability to fly.
With their robust, large bodies, and high intelligence that allows them to even use language, they have reigned as the dominant species of the Eserem Sea of Fog for a long time.
In this closed world of the sea of fog, they divided into several tribes, built their own unique culture, and continued to prosper.
However, all good things must come to an end.
It seems that this principle also applies to Kobudai.
Recently, the Flying Kobudai clan has been facing a major crisis.
What is this crisis?
Did a powerful enemy appear?
…No.
The answer is… conflict within their own kind.
Having spent a long time in peace, their numbers increased too much… and they started a war between tribes… fighting over limited food and territory.
Battles occur every day, and warriors die.
The hearts of the people… or rather, the fish… are filled with despair, and there’s no end to the fighting.
Paradise has turned into hell.
However, the god of the Kobudai…
…‘Godkob’, the white super giant Kobudai that eternally floats in the sky above the Eserem Sea of Fog… remains silent, saying nothing.
He just continues to swim leisurely through eternity, watching the conflict in the lower world.
And… ah, today as well.
In a corner of the bottom of the Eserem Sea of Fog…
The roars of Kobudai warriors could be heard.
Sadly, a war… that has become their daily life…
…Is about to begin.
Mysterious scenery = a deep sea of fog with fish swimming through the air.
Different races = intelligent Kobudai.
There’s nothing strange about it.
I can guarantee it.