【Adventurer Mitran】Stop the Golden Pyramid
* * *
“L-Lady, parallel course! Sorry to ask this of you when you’re tired, but run alongside that huge thing!”
The Golden Pyramid, moving as if chasing the horde of magical creatures!
The legend we’ve been searching for!
Naturally, we can’t miss it, so Harishurap-san hurriedly pulled the reins, maneuvering Lady to run alongside the Golden Pyramid.
“How… incredible…!”
Leseida-san muttered in a daze, closely observing the Golden Pyramid, moving at considerable speed.
…Yeah.
I can understand how she feels.
Leseida-san thought the Golden Pyramid was a ruin of the Super-Ancient Magic Civilization.
She thought that the technologically advanced Super-Ancient Magic Civilization could have created a “moving ruin” that would still function even today.
But what’s the reality?
The reason the Golden Pyramid can move is because—
…It has legs.
Two pairs, four legs, covered in rough, jagged shells, the color of rusted iron.
Extending from the lower front part of the pyramid, they move busily, carrying the mountain-like, giant body of the Golden Pyramid.
By the way, two large, menacing pincers are extending from where the legs protrude…
The Golden Pyramid occasionally uses those pincers to crush or cut the magical creatures running in front of it.
The intention behind this action is unknown.
Furthermore, beady eyes and long antennae are extending from between the pincers… in other words!
“The Golden Pyramid… is a super-giant… HERMIT CRAB!?”
As Leseida-san shouted, that’s exactly what it is!
It’s not a ruin of the Super-Ancient Magic Civilization or anything… The true identity of the Golden Pyramid is a hermit crab!
Of course it moves!
It has legs!
“Now then, sorry to interrupt your daze, Leseida-san! It’s time for a strategy meeting!”
Here.
Harishurap-san, from atop Lady’s back, called out to Leseida-san.
“We’ve broken through the stampede… although it’s a little different from what we expected, we’ve reached the Golden Pyramid, our objective… So? What do we do now?”
“W-What do we do? It’s obvious, isn’t it!?”
I involuntarily interjected.
“‘The Golden Pyramid is a magical creature. It’s not a relic of the Super-Ancient Magic Civilization.’… We’ll report that to the authorities in the capital, and that’s it, right? That’s the end of this journey! What else is there to do?”
“Hahhaa!! That’s right, Miss! However, that’s assuming the capital still exists!”
“……Eh?”
Eh?
What’s with that ominous remark?
It sounds like the capital is going to disappear… Don’t tell me!?
“Could it be… this stampede is going to reach the capital in the east of the Great Desert!?”
“…That’s highly likely.”
Seeing Leseida-san’s pale face as she nodded, I held my head in my hands!
“Wh-What should we do!?”
Memories of the few weeks I spent in the capital flashed through my mind!
The cheerful and strong landlady, the seemingly suspicious but loyal market vendors, and the children at the orphanage I became friends with…
They absolutely must not be trampled by a horde of magical creatures!
“Leseida-san! What should we do!? How can we stop this stampede!?”
I grabbed Leseida-san’s arm and desperately asked!
“…………”
Leseida-san pulled down the brim of her hat and thought.
The wandering mage Nenesane was also pondering with her hand on her chin.
Silence filled the sled, with only the sound of the wind—Whoosh, whoosh—being noisy.
“Hahhahaa!!”
…And the one who broke the silence was Harishurap-san’s hearty laughter!
“What should we do!? Calm down, Miss! The answer is simple… ‘Eliminate the source of the stampede’! That should quickly disperse the horde of magical creatures!”
“The source… you mean!”
I looked at the Golden Pyramid, running alongside Lady’s sled!
So if I defeat that super-giant hermit crab… I can save everyone!
My eyes sparkled!
“But!”
But here, Leseida-san interjected with a serious expression.
“…If we’re going to defeat that… Mitran-kun, it will put a great burden on you, our main fighting force. You must have consumed a considerable amount of mana to break through the stampede. Right?”
“Uu… Certainly.”
I unleashed a barrage of the advanced magic 【Storm Javelin】 earlier.
Even though I have a cheat-like amount of mana, I’m still tired.
I can’t use high-powered magic like 【High Explosion】 anymore!
I’ve also used up a lot of stamina repelling the repeated attacks from magical creatures.
My condition isn’t very good.
…But!
“But even so, I can’t just do nothing! I… I want to do what I can! I want to protect everyone!”
That’s the duty of someone who received cheats… the duty of a reincarnated person!
I feel that my intuition… my 【Super Intuition】, is strongly asserting that in my heart!
“…………I see!”
Leseida-san, looking at my eyes burning with fighting spirit, her face red for some reason… pulled her hat down a little further and nodded vigorously!
“Ah, but…”
But here, I calmed down a little and slumped my shoulders.
“I… don’t have the strength to do anything about that hermit crab right now…”
No matter how strong my resolve, I’ve used up a lot of mana and stamina.
I can’t defeat that Golden Pyramid right now.
Just look at that thick shell armor!
My sword probably won’t even scratch it!
Leseida-san gently stroked my head, as I said that dejectedly.
And then, she said strongly!
“Mitran-kun… It’s alright. You have me… your comrades, don’t you!?”
At those words, I was startled and looked up!
And I stared at Leseida-san.
“I won’t let you do everything by yourself. I’ll fight too!”
Leseida-san, her face flushed, perhaps from embarrassment, declared that strongly!
“Hey, of course we’ll cooperate too! Let’s do this together, and help the hero stop the stampede!!”
Harishurap-san, glancing back at us from atop Lady, gave us a thumbs-up, and laughed heartily!
“Kyururuppiii!!”
Lady is also full of motivation!
And the wandering mage Nenesane, although she’s pondering with her hand on her chin… has a small smile on her face!
“Everyone…!”
I was so happy, so happy… to see everyone like that, and my eyes teared up. Leseida-san smiled and stroked my head again.
And then, looking around at everyone.
“Now… let’s join forces! Let’s stop the Golden Pyramid… together!”
Saying that, she raised her fist strongly!
““YEAH!!!””
Of course, we all raised our fists high!
Now then… let the battle begin!