長所 are 短所
* * *
“…………”
Now then.
Three days have passed since I became “Sensei’s” student.
“…………”
Right now, Sensei Majurog, using a paint made by mixing yellow powder from a crushed Darkeyalon magic stone with magic water… which for some reason, turned purple, is drawing a large magic circle on the floor.
On all fours, slowly, slowly… concentrating.
If I look at her hand with 【Mana Perception】, I can see that mana is flowing rhythmically from her fingertips, which are holding the paint.
Ton, ton, totonton, ton.
It’s like that. From Sensei’s fingertips, mana flows and stops repeatedly.
According to Sensei, when drawing a teleportation magic circle, you have to maintain that constant rhythm.
Also, the amount of mana poured into the magic circle while drawing must also be constant.
The reasons… were explained, but it was so difficult that I didn’t understand. I understood that at least I can’t draw magic circles.
That’s all.
Anyway, Sensei is always like that.
She occasionally stops to rest, and ask me how I’m doing, but other than that, she’s always silently drawing the magic circle.
It’s an extraordinary level of concentration.
I think it’s amazing.
According to Extra-sama, the ‘Somatoko Academy’ is <the largest educational and research institute in this world>.
Since she was the headmaster of such a place, she’s a really amazing person, even though her soul is that of a dirty old man.
…But I also think that it’s weird for me to keep calling the person, who’s a woman, and is trying to pursue romantic relationships with men, a “dirty old man.”
<Emi, your concentration is wavering.>
Here, Extra-sama, noticing that, urged me to focus, and I moved my gaze from Sensei’s hand to the giant magic stone before me.
Sensei is still drawing the teleportation magic circle.
So, what am I doing?
I’m placing my hand on the giant magic stone, which is the power source of this facility, installed in the center of the control room of the Great Prison of Delenezo… and I’m just sitting here.
Of course, I’m not just resting.
I’m training to master mana absorption… 【Absorption】.
It’s been a while since my last training session.
I’m sitting still, and while my body isn’t moving physically, I’m doing all sorts of things with mana.
To absorb magical power.
<But… it’s not working very well, is it?>
Yeah, it’s not working.
But it’s only been three days, Extra-sama…
I don’t need to rush…
I ignored my stomach growling—Guuu—closed my eyes, and focused on controlling the mana around the palm of my hand, which is touching the giant magic stone.
According to Sensei, ‘the basics of mana transfer are “from high to low”’.
For example, if you connect a magic stone or a magic ore that’s full of mana to one that’s empty, mana will automatically flow towards the empty one.
And the flow of mana will stop when the mana levels of both become equal.
That’s the basis of magic tool creation.
When absorbing mana, you use this property.
There’s the giant magic stone, which is full of mana.
I have to intentionally empty the mana contained in the palm of my hand touching it.
I have to forcefully stop the mana that’s subconsciously poured into my body to protect it, so that it doesn’t reach my palm.
Then mana from the giant magic stone will start flowing into my palm, which is in a low mana state… a state of reduced mana pressure.
That’s the mechanism of mana absorption.
But it’s incredibly difficult.
Difficult, or rather, ‘is that even possible?’ is more like it.
Can you ‘stop the flow of blood to your palm right now’, if I asked?
That’s what I have to do.
…Is it even possible?
<…Let’s do our best, Emi. Majurog said that it ‘couldn’t be done with a flesh-and-blood body’… but actually, there have been about three people in history who are said to have ‘used’ mana absorption. It’s not impossible.>
Three… people… in history…
…Thank you, Extra-sama.
Just knowing that there are examples of success, that’s a source of support for me.
“…………”
Nevertheless.
The situation isn’t improving.
Mana absorption isn’t working at all.
…Actually, I was underestimating this mana absorption thing.
I thought I could easily learn it.
After all, I do remember that I had the experience of ‘absorbing’ mana when I was living in my master’s hut.
The luminous deer horn my master gave me… the horn of an Electricia, I think.
I absorbed mana from that horn… and broke it.
<A nostalgic memory.>
I definitely absorbed mana at that time.
So I should be able to do it now, too.
That’s what I thought… but—
<It’s not working at all.>
Why?
<…There are three possible causes.>
Oh, Extra-sama, you’re amazing!
Have you already figured out the causes!?
<Fufun.>
Extra-sama, pleased with my praise, giggled quietly, and started explaining.
<First, cause number one. Unfortunately, at that time, Emi was almost definitely “consuming mana to absorb mana.” What you did then and what you’re trying to do now… are slightly different.>
…What do you mean?
<At that time, you were in the situation that Majurog mentioned was a counterproductive result, “the mana used to absorb mana is greater than the mana absorbed”.>
Ah, I see…
<To use your past life as an example, it would be like running a pump with a lot of electricity, and only pumping up a small amount of water.>
That’s a very easy way to understand it.
<Both the mana you absorbed and the mana you used at that time were negligible, so… there was no effect on your physical condition, but if you had continued that, you would have felt unwell, with your mana continuously decreasing, not increasing.>
I see…
<And second, cause number two. Unlike back then, your current mana capacity is immense.>
I ate a lot, and grew big.
<Therefore, mana control is very difficult. No matter how much you lower the mana pressure of your palm, that mana pressure is still far higher compared to a normal person.>
Hmm… Because I’ve grown, it’s become more difficult to control it?
<Furthermore, there’s cause number three. The high mana resistance of your body.>
Mana resistance?
<How difficult it is to be affected by mana. Your body has repeatedly undergone mana transformations to become a vessel worthy of your soul… as your soul grows larger.>
Mana transformation…
<It means it’s become more sturdy. And in accordance with that, your mana resistance has also increased incredibly. And because of that high resistance value, you have a very high resistance to mental interference-type attacks that use mana.>
Is that so?
Mental interference… I only experienced it, what was it… in Grounoddka Village.
I haven’t experienced it that often, so I don’t know.
But it’s good that I have high defense.
<Normally, yes. But in this situation, it’s working against you. Other than the method of eating… since your body has a high mana resistance, you’re inherently bad at absorbing external mana.>
So the mana resistance, which was supposed to protect my body, is actually interfering with the movement of mana…?
In other words—
<In conclusion, it seems that your constitution is quite incompatible with the technique of mana absorption.>
“………………”
After hearing Extra-sama’s hopeless declaration, I felt truly dejected.
I looked down, my shoulders slumped.
But…
Guuuuuuuuu…
My stomach growled, as I looked down.
To survive.
Mana absorption.
I have to learn it, no matter how incompatible I am.
“…………”
I took my hand off the giant magic stone, clapped my cheeks, and gathered my resolve again.
And then, to change my mood, I walked away from the magic stone.
I headed towards the dining area, where I had tea with Sensei earlier.
“…………”
I put my hands on the edge of the table there.
I put a little force into my fingertips.
CRACK!
And then, with that sound, cracks appeared on the table.
This table is not protected by a barrier.
And it’s made of wood.
It breaks easily.
“…………”
I put more force into my fingertips and broke the table, creating a pizza-shaped piece.
And then, I brought it to my mouth…
CRACK, GOKI—I chewed it.
A slight hint of paint.
And a richer scent of wood.
It didn’t taste bitter, sour, or unpleasant at all. It was an easy table to eat.
“…………”
I slowly, almost reluctantly, chewed and swallowed it.
The wood chips that went into my stomach dissolved quickly… and before I knew it, they were completely gone.
When I glanced at Sensei, she was still silently drawing the magic circle, just as before, even though I made a lot of noise, breaking the table.
She really has great concentration.
“…………Alright.”
I clapped my cheeks again, and approached the giant magic stone… and while bathing in its warm, yellow light, I placed my palm against its smooth surface.