Let’s Learn About Neverfall!
* * *
<Well then, Emi… let’s have a strategy meeting.>
Extra-sama spoke to me in a serious voice, as I was enjoying the majestic view of the floating Sky Kingdom of Neverfall.
A strategy meeting?
A question mark popped up in my head for a moment, but I’ve been with Extra-sama for a long time.
I immediately understood what she meant.
In other words… deciding in what order to visit this Sky Kingdom.
How should we sightsee.
That’s what we’re going to decide, right?
<Fufufu, that’s right…>
Ah… I’m so excited…
Bushuu~
Oops, I leaked haze again.
<Hey, Emi… that’s indecent.>
Eh, is it?
Is this haze that I sometimes leak… indecent?
<Hmm… I think it is? Things that come out of your body tend to be judged that way. Like farts.>
Treated like a fart!?
But, since it comes out involuntarily, maybe it’s similar.
When my emotions run high, I can’t help it…
Well, I’ll try to be careful.
I don’t know if I can hold it back though.
That aside, it’s time for a strategy meeting.
<Where should we visit first?>
Hmm, but I don’t know.
I don’t know anything about this Sky Kingdom.
Can you give me some basic information first?
<Leave it to me! After all, this is the Sky Kingdom! It’s a place that has appeared in various isekai broadcasts as a setting because of its fantastical and beautiful appearance! I have a lot of knowledge about this country!>
Extra-sama said confidently, and began to explain about the Sky Kingdom in an excited voice!
<First, this Sky Kingdom… is built on top of a former aerial fortress, built during the era of the super ancient magical civilization.>
Super ancient magical civilization again!?
That giant turban shell, the ruin with the teleportation magic circle that sent me here… I’ve been having a lot of encounters with it lately.
But, an ‘aerial fortress’…
You mean something like the one I destroyed in Ashgo?
<That’s right. However, there’s a slight difference. The aerial fortress we saw in Ashgo was probably built entirely for military use, but this one was initially built for military purposes, but then it was sold to civilians.>
Sold?
<It means it was sold off to a private company at that time.>
A private company?
What kind of company?
<An amusement park operating company.>
…An amusement park.
So…
<In other words, a ‘theme park’.>
…………
I stared at the Sky Kingdom of Neverfall once more.
I can’t see the details because it’s hidden behind the outer wall, but I can see some tall buildings.
For example… that, that thing shaped like a Ferris wheel, made of iron frames…
<Good eye! That is indeed a former Ferris wheel.>
Then, those rails, installed on top of the outer wall, undulating…
<Those are former roller coaster rails.>
Then, that big, magnificent castle…
<Originally, it was a complex commercial facility with hotels, restaurants, and souvenir shops. It’s now being used as a real royal palace. It’s kind of interesting, isn’t it?>
…………
My fantasy… crumbled… in an instant…!?
<Going back to the original topic… this former aerial fortress, its equipment was outdated during the era of the super ancient magical civilization, which is why it was sold off… but the control AI managing it was incredibly advanced. To the point where it was still flying even after the ‘Day of Ruin’.>
Extra-sama continued her explanation, ignoring me, who was dumbfounded and in shock.
<And then, the gods, finding it amusing, settled the surviving humans there, and that’s how the Sky Kingdom began. About 5,000 years have passed since then. As I mentioned earlier, this area is a technology special zone designated by the gods, so the people of the Sky Kingdom have inherited some of the technology from the super ancient magical civilization and formed their own unique culture.>
…………
…Haaaa…
I see…
Even though it was originally an amusement park, it has 5,000 years of history that it has cultivated since then.
That’s… well.
Truly amazing, in a normal way.
<By the way, no one knows that the Sky Kingdom was originally an amusement park, okay? You can’t tell anyone, because they’ll think you’re making fun of them.>
I won’t… well, I can’t.
It’s better for everyone to stay ignorant of the truth that would make them want to drop to their knees if they knew it…
<Now, Emi. Let’s make a plan! Where do you want to visit first?>
Hmm, let’s see…
Should we ride the Ferris wheel?
<No, you can’t. It’s been remodeled into a magical weapon.>
Then, the roller coaster?
<That’s been turned into a magical weapon too.>
What the hell!
It’s an amusement park, isn’t it!?
Let me play!
<It’s a ‘former’ amusement park! After 5,000 years, even playground equipment gets repurposed into weapons! That’s humanity’s way!>
Is that so!?
Humans are so foolish!?
Ah, whatever!
I crawled around on the airship, moved from the bottom to the top, and stood up.
Just then, the airship changed direction, turning its side towards the Sky Kingdom.
<What are you planning to do, Emi?>
I decided to stop thinking about the details.
I’m not going to make any plans, I’m just going to go with the flow!
That’s how I’m going to tour the Sky Kingdom!
<Well, that’s fine too. Unexpected encounters, conflicts, and carnage… that’s all part of traveling…>
Stop it… why are you including conflicts and carnage in your assumptions, even though I’m just going sightseeing…?
You’re still a little angry about me making light of your explanation, aren’t you?
<No, not at aaall?>
See, that tone of voice is angry.
…But, it’s okay.
I’m going.
After a light jump, I adjusted my posture in mid-air, and extended a pair of 【Black Wings】 from my shoulders… then, bidding farewell to the airship that had carried me so far, I began gliding towards the Sky Kingdom!
Now that I’m this close, I can fly there by myself.
I released a burst of mana from my back, making a ‘whoosh’ sound, and my body rapidly ascended.
Looking down into the Sky Kingdom, from a position higher than the outer wall, I saw a townscape with small, densely packed buildings, surprisingly cluttered.
<Ooh, it’s quite lively. There’s a crowd on the main street. I wonder what they’re doing?>
Maybe it’s a festival!?
Maybe I came to this country at a good time!
I wonder if there are any food stalls…?
<Ufufu, you’re such a glutton, Emi.>
Sh-Shut up!
It’s fine, I’m still a child!
I’m in a growth spurt!
<Yes, yes. Let’s grow… forever.>
I was in a great mood, completely excited… and headed towards the crowd on the main street!
* * *
However, there was something that continued to cast a still, cold gaze towards Emi.
It’s the countless surveillance cameras embedded in the outer wall of the Sky Kingdom of Neverfall…
Emi had already been caught by the Sky Kingdom Air Force!
Or rather, a human suddenly jumped out of the Small Mouse, which they were watching, and flew towards the Sky Kingdom!
‘Eh, what? Wait, what!?’
And so, Emi was now the center of attention, overshadowing the Small Mouse!
The lenses of the surveillance cameras on the outer wall… the ‘Angel’s Eyes’.
Bathed in sunlight… shone coldly.
…And at that moment, the heart of the Sky Kingdom Air Force, receiving the footage from the Angel’s Eyes!
Was thrown into chaos!!