The Identity of the Killing Intent’s Source
* * *
“Detective Munodes! Is Akashiterika okay!?”
“Yeah, she’s fine! Somehow!”
In the damp, musty, pitch-black sewer.
This chubby old man is as laid-back as ever, in response to my panicked question.
He smiled and answered.
I involuntarily let out a sigh of relief.
…But.
I couldn’t help but tilt my head.
“You found me… easily.”
“Ahaha, I happened to have a map of the sewer system, built during the imperial era! I was thinking I’d have to search every nook and cranny, but I found you right away! I’m super lucky, aren’t I!”
“Every nook and cranny?”
“Yeah, every nook and cranny!”
“…Alone?”
“No way! The entire police force was looking for you! My dad is an important person! So he can mobilize a lot of people!”
“…………”
I listened silently.
My fantasy hearing isn’t picking up any footsteps of human-sized creatures nearby.
I focused on controlling my 【Mana Sensing Threads】 again, but…
…There are no humans nearby.
Not a single one.
An intense sense of discomfort.
<Emi.>
Extra-sama quietly called my name, urging me to be cautious.
But even without being told, I already am.
“…………”
I stared at Detective Munodes.
The Detective Munodes before my eyes seems no different from the Detective Munodes I’ve seen so far.
I twitched my nose—Sniff—and smelled him with my fantasy sense of smell.
There’s nothing strange here either.
Perhaps the Detective Munodes before my eyes is really Detective Munodes.
Not a fake.
“Now! Let’s not stay in this dark place any longer! Emi-chan, let’s go outside? Akashiterika-chan is waiting for you.”
“Wait.”
I stopped Detective Munodes, who was talking casually, trying to approach me, while backing away.
“…What’s wrong?”
After a slight pause, he tilted his head, smiling, looking friendly.
I realized.
I’ve realized it.
That there’s another reason why I’m feeling this sense of discomfort.
“I’m not wearing my sunglasses… or my hat right now.”
“…That’s true.”
“And yet, you immediately recognized me. Why?”
“Well… I heard your voice? You shouted ‘Who’s there!?’”
“I have black hair and black eyes.”
“…………”
“I’m a cursed child.”
“…………”
“You should have just learned that. And yet, your expression didn’t change. Why?”
“…I’m not the type to care about that sort of thing!”
Detective Munodes nonchalantly dodged my questions, which I asked with a clear sense of wariness.
<There are several other excuses he could make, such as ‘He actually saw you without your sunglasses and hat’, or ‘He investigated the commotion at the market beforehand’.>
…Unlike Akashiterika.
But.
This guy… is suspicious.
The fact that there’s no one around him might be a coincidence.
But.
Somehow, something was suspicious.
I feel my intuition, dulled by living in the city for a while, sharpening rapidly.
The warm, gentle… something, like air, that was vaguely enveloping me, feels cold and tense.
Although it’s unfortunate.
It’s definitely necessary for me to survive.
Anyway, no.
I can’t trust this guy!
“What’s in your pocket?”
I asked, slowly backing away.
I’m bothered by the fact that Detective Munodes has been keeping his right hand in his pocket the whole time.
“Dried squid.”
“There might be dried squid in there. But there might be other things too. Turn your pocket inside out, and show me.”
“…………”
I didn’t let my guard down.
Seeing that—
“Haaa…”
Detective Munodes sighed, lowered his head, and slumped his shoulders.
And then he looked up.
And his expression—
His usual smile is gone.
…Is terrifyingly expressionless.
“You have good intuition. I really hate that.”
And Detective Munodes, muttering that in a cold voice, took something out of his pocket.
It was a deep purple… sphere, like a jewel.
“That is…?”
I asked.
The next moment!
“!!”
Detective Munodes, glaring at me with disgust, started emitting an intense killing intent!
<Th-This feeling… !>
I recognize this killing intent!
Or rather, I recognize the quality of the mana carrying the killing intent!
Speaking of recent events, it was this killing intent… that I faintly felt in the corridor after leaving the museum’s treasure vault!
And that’s not all.
I’ve been feeling someone’s gaze on me for a while now.
It’s definitely not a friendly gaze.
And at the same time… a killing intent, similar to the one I felt at the museum!
In other words…!
“Were you the one… watching me and Akashiterika this whole time, Munodes!?”
I lowered my hips, clenched my fists, assumed a fighting stance, and shouted!
“Bingo… ha, ha, ha.”
Detective Munodes, releasing his previously hidden mana, nodded at my question, and let out a dry, emotionless chuckle!
“To be more precise… I wasn’t just watching. I was waiting for an opportunity… for you to be separated from Akashiterika-chan.”