on an unknown 山
* * *
“Uumuu, mu…?”
A “woman”… with very large breasts, wearing tattered rags… “The Great Mage” Majurog, woke up, feeling a strong, cold wind shaking her body, even though she was lying down.
“Yoisho…”
Struggling with the weight of her breasts, she somehow managed to sit up.
And then, she looked around.
It seems that she’s on top of a mountain somewhere.
Gray, jagged rocks are scattered around, low-growing conifers spread across the ground, and here and there, small flowers are blooming.
The weather is clear.
But the wind is strong, and it’s quite cold.
If her body wasn’t a Magic Prosthetic Body, she would probably have frozen to death.
“Hmm…”
With her mind hazy, Majurog somehow managed to organize her thoughts.
She should have teleported to her hideout.
And yet, she’s currently on top of a mountain somewhere.
It seems that there was a flaw in the hastily prepared teleportation magic circle.
Perhaps there was an error in the coordinates of the destination.
There was an accident, and she was sent to an unknown location…
“That’s right! Emi!?”
Thinking this far, Majurog, finally fully awake, called out the name of her student, who should have been beside her until just now.
And then, she frantically looked around again.
But there’s no one there… not even any moving creatures.
“Emi… Emi… I’m sorry…”
Confirming that fact… Majurog slumped her shoulders, and hung her head.
Because.
“I dragged you… a young child… into my affairs…”
Because the one targeted by that sludge… the one who brought it into the Great Prison of Delenezo—
Was undoubtedly “The Great Mage” Majurog Majugam.
She was certain of that.
And… Emi, who concluded that ‘it’s all my fault’, including the sludge attack, and all the misfortunes, and said with resignation, ‘Because I’m a cursed child’… was incredibly pitiful.
That girl with black hair and black eyes… must have lived a life where she could say that without hesitation.
“I’m sorry, Yogin… I couldn’t save her…”
Majurog, looking up at the cold, clear sky, apologized to her former adventuring companion.
But she can’t stay immersed in sadness and regret forever.
Majurog survived.
No matter how pathetic, and shameful as a “Sensei”, it is… she survived.
Then there’s something she has to do.
Something she must do.
“…………”
Here, Majurog noticed small, yellow fruits on a vine, spreading near the rock she was leaning on.
She casually picked one and observed it closely.
Round, and upon closer inspection, covered in small spots.
A star-shaped stem.
The leaves of the vine it was attached to are round, and deep green.
And when she put the fruit in her mouth… a faint acidity.
A strong aroma.
“A Harikishitakiki fruit, then…”
From this information, Majurog first identified the name of the plant.
“Then, this place is… the Harikishi Mountain Range.”
And from there, she figured out her current location.
“The current time is… about 9 AM.”
She calculated the time from the time difference with the Great Prison of Delenezo.
“Then, west… Somatoko Academy is… that way.”
And from the position of the sun, she found the direction she should head.
Staring in that direction, she could see the majestic, beautiful, and rugged mountains, continuing endlessly under the blue sky.
“…You said ‘see you later’, didn’t you, Emi?”
Here, Majurog, remembering the last words her student said to her, closed her eyes.
“I’ll believe… No, I’m sorry, please let me believe.”
And when she opened her eyes again, a strong light of determination shone in them.
“Let’s meet again… Emi!”
Muttering that, Majurog floated into the air using magic.
And then, along the ridge, she started heading west… towards Somatoko Academy.
To do what she must do.
【“The Great Mage” Majurog Majugam】
A great person who was a Special-Rank Adventurer, and the headmaster of Somatoko Academy.
A man of many loves, a dirty old man, and currently, a busty beauty.
Her current romantic interests are men.
Since she mostly interacted with Emi as a “Sensei”, she didn’t really give off a dirty old man vibe.
She ended up seeming like a good person, so the author is reflecting on that a little.
But she’s not just a good person… it seems that she has some kind of circumstances.
The details will probably be revealed in later chapters.