Crush the Mechanical and Grotesque Puppets! 12
* * *
ZZOMOMOMOMO!
Inside the body of the giant green Golden Dragon, made of green goo, near its surface.
A small, black speck… Emi, devouring its flesh, which tasted similar to apple jelly, was wriggling around at super speed.
Even if it doesn’t feel pain.
A small bug squirming inside its body.
That sensation.
…Would be unbearable for an ordinary person.
“EHIMYARYAJIEEAH!?”
So, the Demon Queen idol, emerging from the dragon’s left shoulder, screamed on behalf of the Duke inside!
“JAJAYARENMOBI, KAMOJIHIHI, 【AUHOFAN】!”
“HOGUYAGAJIRE, HOHOJIRERE, 【GAGA-EKIKYUKYU】!!”
“GOJIHOYANTARERE, FAIRE, 【JOYARE】ーーー!!!”
And in a frenzy, she cast spells towards Emi, wriggling inside her!
Ice spears pierced, wind blades sliced, stone pebbles flew in succession, but unfortunately, all these spells were hitting the green Golden Dragon, a part of her own body!
Emi, changing course, narrowly dodged all those attacks, taking no damage!
Moreover, because she’s eating jelly, she’s actually recovering!
Actually, this green monster created by Last Dream…
Turned out to be a bad match for Emi, in many ways!
“HYARYAJOーーー!?”
And finally, Emi invaded the Demon Queen’s upper body!
It’s now impossible for the Demon Queen to attack Emi with her imitation forbidden magic!
“HYAMA… MOME…”
Her insides quickly devoured, the beautiful Demon Queen could no longer maintain her form.
She began to collapse, deflating, powerless…
“GOPOH! GOPOH! GOPOOOーーー!!”
And towards the weakening Demon Queen, the last remaining Golden Dragon, moving its long neck and aiming, fired green fireballs in rapid succession!
Its plan was to burn Emi, who’s inside, along with the Demon Queen!
But Emi was fast.
Just a few moments before the fireballs hit the Demon Queen, she tore through the top of the Demon Queen’s head and jumped out, like a dolphin leaping from the surface of the sea, shooting out 【Black Tentacles】!
She thrust those tentacles, sharpened like harpoons, into the ground, pulling herself towards them, moving through the air at high speed!
“NOMIRYAAAAーーー!!!”
Ignoring the Demon Queen’s final moments, exploding with a spectacular death throe and scattering apple jelly, Emi landed on the ground!
And then, she started charging straight towards the Golden Dragon’s head!
“GOPOH! GOPOH! GOPOOOーーー!!”
The green Golden Dragon, with a desperate expression, fired fireballs repeatedly at Emi, who was approaching.
But they didn’t hit!
The Golden Dragon was helpless against Emi, who was approaching at high speed, changing course unpredictably!
“GOPOA-GYAJARYAーーー!!”
And finally, the Golden Dragon gave up on resisting its fear.
It let out a scream, flapped its large wings, leaped into the air… and started to flee, driven by its survival instincts!
…If the real Golden Dragon, Arowazo Azo Azikzozo, was here, it wouldn’t have shown such an unsightly display.
But this green monster was born from the Duke’s dreams and admiration.
The one moving its body is the Duke.
This green monster is not a proud Golden Dragon, nor is it a child of the Dragon God, unbound by anything.
If it’s scared, it runs away!
But, however!
“RAAAAAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
Emi has no intention of letting this cowardly apple jelly escape!
Immediately after the green Golden Dragon leaped high into the air, she also jumped up with tremendous force!
And she stretched the 【Black Tentacles】 extending from her right shoulder to their limit, somehow managing to wrap them around the Golden Dragon’s long neck!
Furthermore, she shot the 【Black Tentacles】 extending from her left shoulder towards the ground!
Those 【Black Tentacles】, with barbs, firmly gripped the earth, preventing the Golden Dragon from gaining altitude!
“Aah.”
And then, Emi.
“AAAAAH.”
Gripped the 【Black Tentacles】 wrapped around the Golden Dragon’s neck with both hands.
“AAAAAH, RAAAAAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
And screaming, she swung the Golden Dragon down… towards the ground!!
“JAGOBABOPOOOーーー!?”
DOGOOOOOOOOOOON!!!
The green Golden Dragon, slammed onto its back with incredible force, bounced, scattering apple jelly…
And before it could even recover…
“RAAAAAAAAAAHーーー!!!”
…Its head was crushed by Emi’s 【Black Great Hammer】, which came crashing down from the sky!
<Now! Emi!!>
Extra-sama shouted to Emi, who landed on the ground, spinning.
<This is the main event!!>
Currently lying in front of Emi is a giant green lump of goo, all its idols destroyed, unable to move.
But this isn’t just a super giant apple jelly!
Last Dream, with its vast mana reserves, is still intact, and to regenerate its body, it’s creating new green goo, trying to recover its lost volume.
Even now, a crack appeared in a part of its body, and newly created goo gushed out!
But…
“…I see it.”
The place where the goo gushed out.
In other words, the place where the source of the goo is nearby.
The location of the root of all this, the ‘Simulated Soul Mana Siphoning Device, Last Dream’!
“RAAAAAAAAAAHーーー!! PU!!!”
Emi jumped, bit into the crack where the goo was gushing out!
And with all her might, she started sucking in the green goo from there!
ZZZZZZZZZZZZO…!
With tremendous force, Emi was sucking in goo that was clearly several times her volume!
The green mass desperately tried to counter by creating new goo, but it couldn’t keep up!
Emi’s devouring speed exceeded the apple jelly production speed!
In an instant, the goo where Emi was biting was sucked dry, and the green mass, losing volume, began to cave in!
And then!
And then… finally!
At the deepest part of the depression, which had formed in the green mass like a valley!
…A pale-faced old man, with Last Dream, glowing green, stuck to his forehead…
La Sbos Daychib, the Duke, appeared!!