Intervention by the Light of Deus Ex Machina
* * *
“O-Operate!? Me, operate Neverfall!?”
“Yes! I… I wanted to do it… But I can’t! I don’t know how! But Takataka… maybe you can!?”
Takataka, hearing Air’s desperate plea, looked at Neverfall’s control device, his face pale.
It’s true.
It’s true that the basic button layout is similar to the Small Mouse he usually pilots.
But.
“N-No way…”
“Takataka!?”
Takataka involuntarily let out a whimper.
Even if the control device’s layout was exactly the same, the feel of operation would naturally be very different, depending on the shape and weight of the aircraft.
“I-I’m just… a pilot of a small cargo ship!?”
And yet, he’s suddenly being told to pilot the Sky Kingdom!?
That’s too difficult.
Moreover, the lives of all the people on the Sky Kingdom depend on his piloting.
It’s no wonder Takataka’s cowardly side is showing, and he’s hesitating.
“You’re wrong! You’re not just a pilot!”
But Air shouted at the trembling Takataka.
“You’re a brave pilot! Because you came all the way here to save me!”
“Air…”
“Please, Takataka… save our country!”
Her clear blue eyes, like the clear blue sky, staring straight at Takataka, contained… trust in him.
Takataka may be a bit unreliable usually… but when it comes down to it, he’s a man who gets things done.
Air knew that well from her past experiences with him.
Perhaps even better than Takataka himself.
(But… I’m scared…!)
But Takataka’s legs are trembling… and he can’t take a step towards the control device.
He lacks the courage.
Why?
That—
…Is, in a way, Emi’s fault.
In the ‘originally planned flow’, Takataka should have experienced various battles before reaching this point.
He should have fought the Sky Kingdom Air Force.
He should have fought the Three Knights of the Royal Guard.
And finally, he should have fought King Sekiran.
And through those countless battles, Takataka’s spirit…
…Should have been tempered to the point where it would be recognized as that of a hero.
However… what has happened?
Who… defeated all those powerful enemies?
Emi.
Emi, who’s a complete stranger, and has no connection to any of those enemies, defeated all of them!
Thanks to that, Takataka and the others were able to reach this control room without much trouble.
And because of that, Takataka’s spirit hasn’t fully matured… and at this critical juncture, he’s unable to withstand the pressure on his shoulders, and has succumbed to fear!
(I have to do it… I have to do it…!)
Yes, he has to do it.
Takataka understands that.
So he wants to take action.
But… his legs won’t move!
Ah, he’s a brave ten-year-old boy!
But he’s still just a brave ten-year-old boy who hasn’t become a hero yet!
Please… please don’t blame him!
…And one more thing.
In the ‘originally planned flow’, there wasn’t…
…A scene where the Sky Kingdom falls.
So, well.
I think it’s understandable that he’s hesitating.
* * *
“…………”
Emi was watching Takataka and the others from a distance, expressionless.
<It seems like things have gotten quite serious.>
Extra-sama whispers, nonchalantly, in a tone of voice that doesn’t sound serious at all.
Even if the Sky Kingdom falls, ‘Emi’ probably won’t die.
Because she’s very tough.
Therefore, the current situation of the Sky Kingdom is not a serious problem for Extra-sama.
She doesn’t care how many strangers die.
“…………”
But Emi is different.
Actually, she feels responsible, in her own way.
That ornament she smashed because it was flickering and annoying… now that she thinks about it, that was the main body of that 2D character, Atmo, and because she destroyed it, everyone is panicking about the Sky Kingdom falling and stuff.
She has enough intelligence to realize that.
She’s not just a violent monster, you know.
“…………”
But, what should she do?
Emi crossed her arms and tilted her head.
If someone told her to ‘Destroy the Sky Kingdom’, it would be easy.
She could think of countless ways to do it.
But if she’s told to ‘Save the people of the Sky Kingdom’, the difficulty level jumps up dramatically.
Indeed, it’s a difficult thing to be a hero who saves people.
And that’s why the will to do so is so noble.
Emi, unable to think of a solution, started thinking about that, her mind wandering.
But it was at that moment.
The ‘solution’ came—not from Takataka and the others thinking of it.
Not from Emi thinking of it.
…It suddenly descended… from the sky.
* * *
It was a golden mass of light, in the shape of a large eagle.
The mass of light came from even higher up in the sky kingdom of Neverfall, floating in the sky above the Eserem Sea of Fog.
It came down straight… in a straight line.
And somehow, it slipped through the roof of Neverfall Royal Palace, the ceiling of the labyrinth that stretches many layers below, without any resistance.
And directly hit the trembling Takataka… in the control room!
BASHUWOOOONN!!
“UWAAAAAAAAAAHーーー!?”
At that moment!
With a tremendous roar, the control room shone golden, centered on Takataka, and Takataka screamed in surprise at the impact!
“Takataka!? Are you okay!?”
Fortunately, the light subsided quickly.
Air, who had been shielding herself with her arm, called out to Takataka, who was standing there, dumbfounded.
“Ah… Ah…”
Takataka trembled, and muttered something… and then awkwardly turned towards Air, and then…
…He suddenly—hugged Air tightly!
“Eh!?”
Air, receiving her first hug from the boy she likes, blushed and froze.
Takataka, grabbing Air’s shoulders, looked at her. A confident smile had completely replaced his previous frightened expression.
“Air… thank you for believing in me! I’ll… I’ll try! I’ll definitely… not let everyone in this country… die!”
He declared, powerfully!
And then, emitting a strong presence from his small body, he faced Neverfall’s control device… and started operating it, with incredible speed!
Air was staring blankly at that figure, dumbfounded.
And Ijokis couldn’t hide her confused expression at Takataka’s sudden change.
“…………”
And Emi, as always, had no expression on her face.
But.
If her facial muscles were a little more effective.
She would definitely… be frowning deeply at this moment.
The identity of the mysterious light that suddenly passed through the ceiling and merged with Takataka.
The reason why Takataka suddenly started emitting the presence of a strong person.
Emi had a good idea about both of these things.
In other words, that light… is ‘divine aura’.
And Takataka… is the ‘protagonist’.
“…………”
Concealing her presence.
Moving her feet, slowly, carefully.
Slowly, little by little, Emi began to distance herself from Takataka and the others.