【Beautiful Girl Detective Akashiterika!】The Superbad Treasure Theft Case 15
* * *
After having Detective Munodes “intentionally” give the staff permission to leave… Akashiterika, Emi, and Detective Munodes pretended to leave the museum, and then, with Director Rakigataa’s cooperation, sneaked back in, and hid in the women’s changing room.
Before entering the women’s changing room, while hiding, they confirmed that Kotsukotsu, after changing her clothes, had left.
In other words, Kotsukotsu’s locker should be unlocked now, and it’s the perfect opportunity for Gaisha, the culprit, to frame her.
Gaisha will bring the hidden treasures here to achieve his goal.
Their plan is to catch him in the act.
Director Rakigataa isn’t with them.
He’s currently waiting in his office, so the other staff members won’t notice anything strange.
“By the way… Akashiterika-chan is amazing! She saw through all the mysteries, and this case is brilliantly solved!”
Detective Munodes, acting as if the case was already closed, said that cheerfully, hiding in the shadows of the changing room, in a low voice.
“I haven’t seen through all the mysteries.”
But Akashiterika’s expression is grim.
Smiling faintly, she sighed.
“Eh, is that so?”
“But it’s not a problem. Because…”
Just as Akashiterika was about to say something, Emi silently made a ‘be quiet’ gesture.
Her sharp hearing sensed that someone had arrived at the door of the women’s changing room.
However…
“…………?”
Emi tilted her head.
It’s a bit hard to tell, but—
For some reason, she thought she heard the footsteps of “two people”.
Furthermore…
“Let’s… stop this.”
Gaisha’s voice, faintly audible through the door.
A tearful voice, as if he was sniffling.
A voice pleading with someone.
It certainly indicated that someone else was there with Gaisha.
Something is strange.
Just as Emi felt an inexplicable sense of unease—
Cling!
This time, she clearly heard that high-pitched sound from outside the room, and then!
Thud!
The sound of something heavy falling!
“…!”
Something… something bad they didn’t expect is happening!
Emi’s unease turned into a sense of crisis, and she stood up abruptly!
“What’s wrong, Emi!?”
And ignoring Akashiterika, who still hadn’t grasped the situation, she ran to the door of the women’s changing room, and kicked it open!
And the sight that unfolded before her eyes…
…Was Deputy Director Gaisha, lying on his back on the floor… a large gash on his neck.
His face, contorted in fear.
A pool of blood spreading across the floor.
Clutched to his chest… is a crown embedded with white jewels.
This must be the Superbad Divine Jeweled Crown.
Emi quickly looked towards the corridors on both sides, but there was no one there.
“Th-This is…!?”
Akashiterika, rushing out of the women’s changing room, immediately ran to Deputy Director Gaisha, called out to him, and checked his pulse, but… she shook her head regretfully.
It seems that he died instantly.
“KYAAAAAAAAH!?”
Detective Munodes, who came out next, screamed at the sight of Deputy Director Gaisha’s corpse!
“This is not the time to scream! Detective Munodes, quickly gather everyone in this museum! Don’t let anyone leave!”
“Y-Yes! S-S-Someone! It’s terrible!”
Detective Munodes, instructed by Akashiterika, frantically ran off somewhere to call for backup from the police officers remaining in the museum.
“…………”
Emi, ignoring him, silently clenched her fists, and went on guard.
The culprit probably killed Deputy Director Gaisha in a single blow, and quickly fled the scene.
He’s quite skilled.
He might be someone even Akashiterika can’t handle alone.
Thinking that, Emi couldn’t bring herself to leave Akashiterika’s side.
Emi glanced sideways at Akashiterika, the person she’s supposed to be protecting.
And Akashiterika—
“…This is… my fault…”
Slumped beside Deputy Director Gaisha’s corpse, she muttered.
“Why did Gaisha-san steal two treasures—the Superbad Divine Jeweled Crown, and Teodartes’s Plate…? Considering his goal, he only needed to steal one… I intentionally ignored that mystery. Because I thought it would become clear if I caught and questioned him. But I see… There were two culprits.”
Her face is pale, and her body is trembling.
“That’s why two different treasures were stolen. The other culprit wanted Teodartes’s Plate for some reason… I didn’t notice that possibility. The other culprit probably killed Gaisha-san, and his death is my responsibility…”
Akashiterika finally fell to her knees.
“I swore… that I would never tolerate injustice again… And yet…”
Tears streamed down her face.
“…………”
Emi turned to Akashiterika.
She lowered her guard, and—
Roughly grabbing the front of Akashiterika’s clothes, she effortlessly lifted her up, and—
Slapped her cheek—PAAN.
“Don’t be stupid.”
And Emi, snorting, declared—
“The one at fault is the one who killed him. Not you.”
“…………”
“Do what you have to do.”
Saying that, Emi went back on guard.
“…Thank you, Emi.”
Akashiterika, saying that, wiped her tears, crouched down, and looked at the wound on Deputy Director Gaisha’s neck, his fatal wound.
…It’s quite a distinctive wound.
Very deep, and thin.
In other words, the murder weapon is something much sharper and thinner than a knife.
“…No way.”
Akashiterika instantly realized what the murder weapon was.
Although it’s a preposterous, and hard to believe idea, but—
In this museum, located in an urban area, where it’s not possible to bring in weapons—
She felt that her guess… wasn’t entirely wrong.
And then—
“Hey, Akashiterika-chan!”
“W-… Gaisha-kun!?”
“W-What happened here!?”
Detective Munodes, along with several police officers… and the rest of the staff who were in the museum, came running from down the hall.