【Beautiful Girl Detective Akashiterika!】The Old Imperial City Frozend Museum Murder Case 4
* * *
“Kekekeke! Kekekekekeee!”
Jimmyyak ran through the corridors of the museum, laughing creepily!
His destination is… clearly the entrance hall!
“IS HE TRYING TO ESCAPE!?”
Director Rakigataa, his muscles bulging so much that his suit seemed about to burst, roared!
“Haa… Hahii… Hafuu… That’s… impossible! After all, this museum…!”
Detective Munodes, running behind him, his face covered in sweat, shouted, gasping for air!
“Is surrounded…!”
Jimmyyak burst into the entrance hall almost at the same time Detective Munodes finished his sentence.
“…………”
Jimmyyak stopped in the middle of the hall, and looked outside through the mostly glass walls of the entrance.
The Old Imperial City at night.
Illuminated by numerous red magic lamps, flickering like fireflies.
That light shone into the hall… dyeing Jimmyyak’s skin, and the exhibits in the entrance hall, red.
Akashiterika, after asking Detective Munodes to do so, had called for police backup when she suspected that Deputy Director Gaisha was the culprit of the theft, to prevent him from escaping!
“There’s… n-no… haa… haa… escape… wheeze… wheeze!”
“…There’s no escape. Surrender peacefully.”
Akashiterika, speaking calmly to Jimmyyak in place of Detective Munodes, who was breathing too heavily to speak properly, said that coldly.
Even if Jimmyyak is skilled, it’s impossible for him to break through so many police officers.
…Resistance should be impossible.
Normally.
But.
“…Kekeke.”
Jimmyyak, slowly turning to Akashiterika and the others, grinned creepily, putting ‘Murder Disc’ on his finger, and spinning it.
There’s no despair on his face.
No sign of giving up.
He looks composed.
“Let me reveal the answer!”
Jimmyyak, like an actor on stage, said that in a clear voice to Akashiterika and the others, who were increasing their vigilance, unable to read his intentions.
“The answer?”
“Yes! I’ll tell you… the true nature of Teodartes’s Plate!”
CHIIIIIIIIII—
‘Murder Disc’, emitting a high-pitched sound, started spinning at high speed around Jimmyyak’s index finger.
“One day, we, the ‘Restorationist Society’, discovered a very important document! Unfortunately, it wasn’t a political document that would prove the establishment’s wrongdoing… but a very interesting ancient document.”
Jimmyyak, slowly moving through the entrance hall, his shoes clicking—kotsu, kotsu—continued.
“Small enough to fit in the palm of your hand, but thick… Its pure white binding showed no signs of age… It detailed… the activation method of a certain ancient weapon!!”
And Jimmyyak, saying that, threw the spinning, rainbow-colored Murder Disc!
Not at Akashiterika and the others!
He aimed the disc at a giant exhibit in the center of the entrance hall!
In other words, it’s!
The steel giant, frozen in a posture with its spear raised, having spent an eternity in that position!
“And the key item… to activate that ancient weapon… is Teodartes’s Plate… ‘Murder Disc’!!”
Behind Jimmyyak, who spread his arms theatrically, a devilish smile on his face, ‘Murder Disc’ glided through the air, and—
Straight.
Into the narrow gap, that would be its mouth, if it were a human… in the steel giant’s face.
And then, the next moment!
Clank.
The giant trembled!
And from within its body, a rattling, whirring sound—Gacha, gacha, chuiii—started, and…
“BUSHUUUUUU!”
Then, it forcefully released a large amount of steam from the cylindrical structure extending from its waist!
“Now!! Time to awaken!!”
Jimmyyak, confirming that, his eyes shining, shouted the name of the steel giant!
“Steeeeeel Indeex!!!”
And as if in response to his shout!
The slits carved into its face glowed—KA! And then, two red lights appeared there, like eyes!
Furthermore—BUSHUUUUU!
Steel Index… casually swung the giant spear it was holding…!
That single swing created a powerful gust of wind, instantly blowing through the entrance hall…
And knocking down the exhibits!
And furthermore, the numerous spheres attached to Steel Index’s back, like a bunch of grapes, detached one after another, and floated into the air.
The countless spheres, circling around Steel Index, started blinking red, threatening Akashiterika and the others…!