The First Woman, Shimegamamo 1
* * *
First Town is a rural town.
It has all the facilities necessary for daily life, such as a greengrocer, a butcher, a hardware store, an armory, and an Adventurer’s Guild.
But it’s a rural town.
Central Street, lined with square houses made of white stone.
It’s the town’s main street.
But even though it’s the main street, it’s not paved with cobblestones, just bare, light brown soil.
There isn’t much traffic, from carriages or people, so there’s no need for pavement.
And they don’t have the money for pavement either.
In other words, it’s a rural town.
Well, the white of the stone walls.
And the green of the low-growing plants from the grassland, encroaching on the sides of the road, and even the flat roofs of the houses.
The Great Grassland of Beginnings, stretching endlessly beyond the town.
The scenery created by all of this is quite peaceful, idyllic, and beautiful, soothing to the soul.
In other words, it’s a rural town.
“…………”
A thin, young man, wearing glasses, frowning, was walking down the main street of that rural town.
He’s wearing a well-tailored, dark brown coat, sharp, stylish, and urbane, and shiny leather shoes on his feet.
Not just any leather shoes.
Those pointy ones, that make you look intellectual.
Anyway, this scholarly-looking man was walking, with a sullen expression on his face, accompanied by five guards.
Of the guards, three are wearing cheap leather armor, the town guards, and the other two are heavily armed, clearly skilled adventurers.
The two adventurers are sticking close to the thin man, moving in a way that shows their pride as guards.
The three town guards are just sort of following behind them.
That’s what their group looks like.
Well, regardless of the quality of the guards.
This nervous-looking, scholarly man is someone who has to be guarded, and he’s the lord who governs this town.
His name is Kalamaruyu Yaki First.
A young viscount, who was unwillingly forced to take over this remote territory after the death of his brother, and then the sudden death of his father.
He’s on his way back to his mansion after meeting with the contractor he called in to carry out a major project that would lead to the development of his territory.
By the way, just because he’s the lord, he doesn’t always use a carriage to get around.
Because even keeping horses costs money.
“Hmm!”
“Who is it!?”
Now, it was at that moment.
Someone stepped out from an alleyway, into the middle of the main street, standing there, blocking their path.
The two adventurers immediately put their hands on the swords hanging from their waists, and took up fighting stances.
They’re truly dedicated to their job.
The three town guards behind them, seeing the person standing there, panicked and just flustered.
That person is a woman.
A large, muscular woman, with a hint of femininity.
She’s a warrior.
You can tell from her physique, and the worn look of the large cleaver she has on her waist.
Her long, reddish-brown hair, reaching her waist, is unkempt and wild.
Her skin is brown.
She’s wearing green clothes—probably made from sewn-together grassland wolf fur.
It’s tied together with vines, still with leaves and flowers attached here and there, like a belt.
It was an outfit that truly suited the word wild.
That woman… whose name is Shimegamamo…
Shimegamamo, with a gentle smile on her face, that belies her warrior-like appearance, spoke to Kalamaruyu.
“Brother-in-law, let’s have a quick talk.”
Kalamaruyu, on the other hand, glared at Shimegamamo with disgust.
“I have nothing to talk about with you! Leave, barbarian!”
He said that.