The Tale. 15:48
* * *
There was a group silently but at a tremendous speed running through the forest beside the Saikanan Highway, where light snow was fluttering.
Some ran on their own feet, some flew using magic, and others continued to move while riding their familiars, chasing the black ball leading them.
Their name was ‘Purple Dual Rings.’
An assassin group that was rapidly making a name for itself in the underworld of the Golden Continent Hamejika.
Their abilities and skills were all high.
Even though the underbrush had withered in winter, despite several hours having passed since they started running in the forest with poor footing, there were no weaklings among them gasping for breath or making noise.
Even Evil Sword, who had just joined this morning, was superhuman enough to be able to converse with a calm face while running.
“Um, Mr. Ambitious! I have a question!”
“What is it? Feel free to ask.”
Ambitious took his eyes off the documents he had been reading while running and smiled at Evil Sword.
Despite looking completely to the side while running, he was avoiding tree trunks and leaping over bushes without slowing down his pace at all.
On the other hand, Evil Sword seemed to not have mastered that level of skill yet, glancing sideways from time to time while basically keeping his gaze on the direction of travel during the conversation.
“This request… why are we all tackling it together!?”
Killing a black-haired, black-eyed cursed child, a vagrant… a girl named Emi or something… that was the request they had received from their valued customer this time.
It was stated in the request form that she was a somewhat skilled opponent, but… even so, they were going to kill an opponent not even ten years old.
Especially Short Warp and Big Lady were such outstanding individuals that even the inexperienced Evil Sword could tell at a glance.
Evil Sword couldn’t help but think that this job wasn’t difficult enough to require using all of ‘Purple Dual Rings,’ including them.
“There are several answers to that question.”
In response to the rookie Evil Sword’s question, Ambitious didn’t seem bothered and raised his index finger, starting to answer politely.
Of course, while running through the forest.
“First of all, in this request, we are specifically instructed to kill the target ‘without fail.’ Apparently, for the client, the target is an irreconcilable enemy that they want to kill at all costs.”
“That’s why we all went out… to ensure certainty?”
“Exactly… and this time, we’ve been offered a success reward that allows us to do that. In that case, all the more reason we as an organization must go all out. There’s also a witness, after all.”
Ambitious said the last part in a low voice while glancing at the darkness spirit leading them.
Then suddenly, he put away his innocent smile as if playing a prank and put on a serious face.
“That’s the sincerity of an assassin organization, and I think it’s also an attitude that responds to the feelings put into the request.”
“Responding to… feelings…”
“Evil Sword, if you’re going to be active as an assassin of ‘Purple Dual Rings’ from now on, I want you to become an assassin who ’empathizes with the client’s feelings.’ Only then can we contribute to society as first-class assassins.”
“Empathize with… the client’s feelings…!”
Hearing Ambitious’s philosophy, which was also mentioned during the interview, that assassination is a contribution to society, Evil Sword straightened his collar even while continuing to run through the forest.
Until now, he had lived as he pleased.
He had killed and lived as he liked.
But from now on, that won’t be the case.
At least until the time he makes them his sustenance, he must contribute to society as a respectable assassin… that is, a member of society.
That is his duty… as an adult!
Ambitious smiled with satisfaction as he saw Evil Sword listening to his story with a serious look.
And this time, after hopping over a bush, he extended his middle finger in addition to his index finger and began to tell the second answer.
“And secondly… do you know the tale ‘The Mistake of the Dark Dragon’ that is passed down in the underworld?”
“No…”
Evil Sword answered with a red face.
He was a murderer, but he hadn’t had much involvement with the underworld.
Naturally, he didn’t know such a tale and felt that he couldn’t escape the blame for his ignorance.
However, Ambitious continued the story without particularly berating Evil Sword, who seemed embarrassed.
“This is a tale related to the collapse of the dark organization ‘Dark Dragon,’ which reached its peak of prosperity hundreds of years ago. Once upon a time, ‘Dark Dragon’ had a certain enemy. A man called Jirosan, and he had sworn revenge on ‘Dark Dragon’ because they had destroyed his hometown village…”
What was told from Ambitious’s mouth was a dark saga that would never be told in the surface world…!
Evil Sword listened intently so as not to miss the contents.
“At first, the leader of ‘Dark Dragon’ looked down on that man and sent low-ranking members one by one as assassins. However, Jirosan defeated all the assassins after a fierce battle and grew stronger. At this point, the leader still didn’t feel a sense of crisis about the situation, and it is recorded that he made statements like ‘Hmph, after all, the low-ranking members are just small fry… it doesn’t bother me at all if they die.'”
“In other words, was the leader aiming to reduce the organization’s personnel by using the low-ranking members as disposable assassins!?”
“No, I think that’s probably wrong, but…”
Ambitious smiled wryly at Evil Sword’s misinterpretation but continued the story.
A thick branch was approaching from the front, so he lowered his head to avoid it.
“Next, the leader sent somewhat strong executives as assassins. The executives certainly had high combat ability, but they had flawed personalities and were each stubborn… in other words, they couldn’t cooperate or collaborate. And again, they attacked Jirosan one by one. However, Jirosan, who had grown stronger through the battles with the low-ranking members, managed to defeat them…”
“Cooperation and… collaboration…”
Evil Sword unintentionally muttered to himself.
That was probably something that Evil Sword, who had been killing people as a solo murderer until now, was not good at.
Even executives of a dark organization at the height of its prosperity will die if they can’t cooperate or collaborate.
It’s a frightening story… but that’s probably how society is.
As a new assassin… that is, a new member of society who must navigate the rough waves of the dark world from now on, Evil Sword must acquire the ability to accomplish things by working hand in hand with others, in other words, cooperativeness.
The reason why all the members of ‘Purple Dual Rings’ who can move are going out for this killing request… it might be to teach Evil Sword cooperativeness as a member of society.
Understanding that, Evil Sword felt deep gratitude to Ambitious and secretly bowed his head while jumping over a small stream.
Ambitious, who was running in front of Evil Sword with a slightly different position than before, didn’t notice that and continued the story.
“Every time an executive was defeated, the leader only kept making excuses like ‘Hmph, he was just a man who became an executive solely through connections,’ ‘Hmph, he was just trash who had no redeeming qualities other than his sword,’ ‘Hmph, he was just a promoted office worker,’ and didn’t face reality…”
“Eh, an office worker was sent as an assassin? Isn’t that strange?”
Evil Sword unintentionally pointed that out with the free sensibility of a new member of society, and Ambitious nodded deeply.
“Yes, it’s strange. ‘Dark Dragon’ had already been cornered to the point where they had to send office workers as assassins. As an organization, they were already on the verge of annihilation.”
Evil Sword felt a little pity for the executive from the office who was mobilized for battle just because they were on the verge of annihilation.
“And finally, the leader sent his strongest aide as an assassin, but even that aide was no match for Jirosan, who had already grown to his full potential. With all his comrades defeated, the leader himself transformed up to his third form and persisted, but… in the end, even the leader was defeated, and ‘Dark Dragon’ was annihilated. It is said that the leader’s corpse had all its increased arms and legs broken and no longer retained a human form. It’s a gruesome story.”
“……”
The collapse of the dark organization that had been enjoying the spring of this world… a dark history that would never be told in the history of the surface.
Evil Sword unintentionally fell silent at the ephemerality of the world where even a mighty organization could perish, the principle that the prosperous must decline.
“Fu-go! Fu-go!”
A large boar that couldn’t read the atmosphere attacked, so he killed it appropriately.
Blood splattered.
His mood lifted a little.
“Now Evil Sword, ‘The Mistake of the Dark Dragon’ is a tale full of various implications, but… what have you learned from hearing this story?”
Then, Ambitious, who was running ahead, turned around and asked Evil Sword a question.
Ambitious continued to run backward at super high speed in a forest with already poor footing and many obstacles.
…He was undoubtedly a master.
He was being tested.
Instinctively, Evil Sword sensed that.
He had to understand the context and give the correct answer.
It was a chance to appeal that he was a subordinate they could use.
In this case, he felt that the importance of cooperativeness was a bit off.
Why are they all going out?
This tale should be a more direct answer to that question.
“Well, ‘Dark Dragon’… was sending assassins to Jirosan one by one. That was the cause of the assassins’ defeat and the factor in Jirosan’s growth. In other words, ‘Don’t deploy your forces gradually,’ is that it?”
Hearing that answer, Ambitious smiled and nodded with satisfaction!
And with the nodding motion, he avoided a large tree branch that was approaching his head!
As expected, he was a master!
“That’s right! You’re smart as I thought! Crush the enemy with full force to the extent the budget allows! It’s foolish to hold back on deploying forces when you don’t know what will happen in the field. And putting in full effort commensurate with the budget is also connected to empathizing with the client’s feelings. We ‘Purple Dual Rings’ never bend that stance no matter what.”
Ambitious spoke proudly with his chest out.
Seeing Ambitious’s confident expression as he continued to run backward, Evil Sword certainly felt his pride there.
And thanking his luck for being able to join an organization led by a representative with such a strong work ethic, he himself began to feel pride in ‘Purple Dual Rings.’
Then, the speed of the darkness spirit slowed down.
In other words, it meant that they would soon be able to approach the target close enough to see it.
The assassins exchanged glances with each other, erased their presence, slowed down a bit, and began approaching the target.
Evil Sword also gulped and followed suit.
【Jirosan】
In the dark world, it seems to be passed down as a name up to “Jirosan,” but it’s probably “Jiro-san,” and he seems to be a reincarnator who was using his name from his previous life due to circumstances.
He must have been the protagonist of some story.
【The Mistake of the Dark Dragon】
A tale passed down in the dark world.
The lesson is “Crush the enemy with full force while they’re weak.”
However, due to various circumstances, many evil organizations that can’t execute it perish.