【Adventurer Mitran】Advancing Through the Ruins, Onward and Onward
* * *
“W-Where is this…!?”
“‘The 20th Trial’… also known as the ‘Trial of Wisdom,’ it seems.”
What awaited us after overcoming ‘The 19th Trial’ by ignoring the gimmicks was a small room, in stark contrast to the previous one.
But it’s not just small!
Along the walls, a variety of statues depicting monsters were arranged, and in the center, a large cage was placed.
Inside the cage, there was a glittering pedestal, and on top of it, a splendid key covered by a transparent case was placed.
“That key is…”
“Undoubtedly something necessary to proceed beyond this room.”
Leseida-san and I nodded to each other and then glanced at the door that would be the exit of this room.
Unlike the previous doors, a large lock was attached to it, and anyone could see that the key surrounded by the cage was necessary to open it!
But…
“Then how do we open that cage?”
“Well, that’s what we have to figure out, which is why it’s called the ‘Trial of Wisdom,’ I suppose.”
Seeing me furrowing my brow and tilting my head while groaning, Leseida-san smiled wryly.
And then, Leseida-san took out a notebook and started writing some notes.
“Leave this to me. From now on, I’ll investigate this room and find a way to proceed. You two rest for a while…”
But that’s when it happened.
“Raaaaaah!!”
The cage and key in the center of the room!
The meaningful-looking statues of monsters!
And the hint discreetly written in the corner of the ceiling!
Ignoring all of that completely, Emi-chan punched and destroyed the exit door along with the lock and opened a large hole leading to the next room!
“”Ehhhh!?””
Boom!!
Hearing the roaring sound of the door being blown away, Leseida-san and I screamed in surprise!
On the other hand, Emi-chan, in the midst of the rising dust, puffed out her chest pompously.
“Hmph.”
And after snorting.
“The truly wise do not fight on the opponent’s terms.”
…Emi-chan declared that!
“Well, that may be true, but…”
The words ‘In your case, you’re just forcing your way through with violence because the mechanisms are troublesome’ were about to come out of my throat, but I managed to swallow them back.
Because thanks to Emi-chan’s violence, we’re greatly benefiting as a result.
“Now, forward, advance.”
“You’re right…”
Pushing through the still-unsettled dust, the three of us moved to the next room.
And what greeted us this time was a horizontally long, small room.
The surrounding walls were densely covered with some pattern-like things drawn on them…
“W-Where is this…!?”
“‘The 21st Trial’… also known as the ‘Trial of Singing,’ it seems.”
Once again, Leseida-san answered my muttered question by reading through the explanation written on the wall.
In other words, these pattern-like things are… sheet music!?
“Raaaaaah!!”
Boom!!
But Emi-chan, while I was contemplating, walked to the exit door and punched it to pieces again, opening a large hole leading to the next room!
“”…………””
Leseida-san and I were kind of… tired of being surprised.
We just followed Emi-chan, who was silently advancing forward.
What awaited us next was a small room.
The door serving as the exit was tightly closed.
Beside it, there was a container to pour some kind of liquid into.
Surely, if you put something into this container, the door would open.
Yeah, surely, yeah, it’s probably that kind of mechanism.
“Raaaaaah!!”
Boom!!
But since we have Emi-chan, it doesn’t matter what kind of mechanism there is!
While crawling through the large hole she opened by punching, Emi-chan muttered.
“What lukewarm trials…”
It’s not lukewarm, you’re making it lukewarm, Emi-chan.
Or rather, we’re not even taking the trials, Emi-chan.
* * *
Boom!!
Boom!!
Boom!!
As you can tell from the roaring sounds echoing through these ruins, afterward, Emi-chan’s violent ravaging of the ruins… no, the conquest of the ruins continued to progress smoothly.
Athletic-type trials were all brushed aside by her physical ability!
Knowledge and skill-testing trials were also brushed aside by her physical ability!
There were no longer any gimmicks in these ruins that could stop Emi-chan’s onslaught!
Emi-chan twisted everything with violence and advanced!
Boom!!
“Um, the room just now was ‘The 30th Trial,’ right?”
“That’s correct, Mitran-kun. We’ve made quite some progress.”
Leseida-san followed Emi-chan who had gone ahead while scribbling notes on the room layout in a notebook.
But.
“”Ugh…!?””
The moment we entered the next room, our bodies became unable to move as if we were paralyzed!
Why?
It was because of the 【Intimidation】.
An extraordinary 【Intimidation】 was being emitted by someone in the next room!
“W-What in the world is this…!?”
Leseida-san was trembling, breathing desperately with a pale face.
The fear was so great that even breathing was difficult!
“Emi-chan! What are you doing!?”
On the other hand, I have the god’s cheat!
If it’s this level of 【Intimidation】, my body will adapt and be able to move after a little while.
That’s why I asked that.
To Emi-chan, who had advanced to the next room ahead of us.
…Yes, the one emitting this 【Intimidation】 was Emi-chan.
“…………”
Emi-chan was silent.
The expressionless and seemingly eerie yet somehow friendly atmosphere from earlier was completely absent from her now.
What was there was pure malice.
It wouldn’t be an exaggeration to say that she was a mass of murderous intent right now.
What in the world happened to her?
That became clear when the dust cloud generated by blowing away the door settled.
She was confronting them.
Three of the villains who had dropped us deep underground in the ruins earlier!
In other words, we had.
…Finally caught up to them!!