【Adventurer Mitran】Lady’s Secret
* * *
DODODOOOON!!!
Leseida-san’s second hidden magic bomb exploded right under the Golden Pyramid… causing an enormous explosion.
“Uwa, to, tototo!?”
I, who had jumped off the Golden Pyramid just before the explosion, was blown away by the blast, and rolled across the desert sand.
But I somehow managed to stop myself by getting on all fours, and glared at the Golden Pyramid, narrowing my eyes.
The Golden Pyramid… was leaning back, from the impact of the explosion right under its body.
Unfortunately, its legs and pincers are still moving, twitching, even though they’re smoking.
It’s still alive, even after taking such a huge explosion!?
Now that it’s leaning back, it’s easy to see, but that super-giant hermit crab is cramming its huge body into an empty “Golden Pyramid” shell.
In the front are its legs and pincers, protected by a hard shell.
In the back, its soft, hermit crab-like abdomen is tightly packed.
If the explosion had occurred a little further back… it would have been a direct hit to its abdomen, and it might have been defeated in one blow.
It seems that the part that took the impact of the explosion was protected by its shell, and the hermit crab’s soft abdomen didn’t take much damage.
“GIJAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!”
“Hih!?”
Here.
The Golden Pyramid, still leaning back, let out a roar louder than any it had made before!
My skin tingled.
Hiiih… It’s definitely furious…!
And then, the Golden Pyramid wildly swung its pincers, using the momentum to regain its posture.
In other words, the super-giant hermit crab’s shell is currently tilted back, with its rear slightly sunk into the sand due to the explosion, its abdomen completely exposed!
But it’s slowly, slowly returning to its original position.
If it manages to completely return to its original, crawling posture on the ground—
The first to be attacked will be…!
“Everyone, watch out!”
I kicked the sand, and despite almost falling over many times, ran with all my might.
Towards Leseida-san and the others, who are standing still before the Golden Pyramid!
Geez!
Why aren’t they running away!?
If they stay there, they’ll be attacked!
Thinking that, I ran towards them, breaking out in a cold sweat.
…But, actually, they’re not not running away. They can’t.
“H-Hey, Lady!? What are you doing!?”
I realized that when I heard Harishurap-san’s panicked scream.
Lady, the pill-bug who had faithfully followed Harishurap-san’s instructions and carried us all the way here… was shaking her body, throwing Harishurap-san off!
Furthermore, Lady violently shook her body and severed the ropes connecting her to the sled!
“Kyururuppiii…!”
Ignoring the confused Harishurap-san, Lady moved her legs—Kasakasa—and turned to face the Golden Pyramid.
And then…
“KYURURUPPIIIIIIIII!!!”
…Let out a spirited roar, and started running with tremendous speed!
Her target is, of course, the Golden Pyramid!
Lady, running straight ahead with the speed of the wind.
But that dash is merely for acceleration.
“Kyururuppi!”
After running for a bit… Lady jumped.
And then.
And then…!
“KYURURUPPIIIIIIIIIII!!!”
She curled her large body in midair!
…And transformed into a sphere!
“What!? No way, Lady!? Could it be, you’re…!!”
Watching that, Harishurap-san pushed up his sunglasses, his eyes wide open, and shouted!
“The legendary sacred beast… the pill-bug!?”
“KYURUKYURUKYURUKYURUUUUUUU!!”
The spherical Lady spun at high speed, charging towards the Golden Pyramid with even greater momentum!
Her entire body is covered in a dense, visible magical power, and using that power, her speed increases more and more!
“Kyuru!!”
And then, when she got close enough to the Golden Pyramid, Lady jumped with that momentum!
“KYURURUPPIIIIIIIIIII!!!”
Like a cannonball, she slammed into the base of the Golden Pyramid’s pincers and legs!
GARI GARI GARI GARI GARI!!
The shells of the Golden Pyramid and Lady collided, and a high-pitched, unpleasant sound, like metal scraping against metal, echoed through the surroundings, scattering sparks!
“GIJAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!?”
The Golden Pyramid, enduring the pain, tried to crush Lady with its own weight, wildly swinging its pincers and trying to fall!
“KYURURUPPIIIIIIIIIII!!!”
But Lady didn’t lose!
She spun like a firework, emitting magical power from her entire body… and despite being in midair, her rotation speed increased!
And then, finally!
GARIIIIIIIIIN!!
With that last high-pitched sound—
Lady pushed back the huge Golden Pyramid, which was trying to fall!
“GI-GI-GIJAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!?”
The Golden Pyramid, helpless, fell backwards and flipped over!
The tip of the pyramid is deeply stuck in the desert sand, and it can no longer move!
Its two pairs of legs, flailing uselessly, can only grasp at the air!
“…Alright!”
Seeing that, my 【Super Intuition】 activated, and a clear vision of what I should do now played at high speed in my mind!
Following that, I started running again.
Towards Lady, who had knocked away the Golden Pyramid, and was now on the soft sand, seeming to be out of breath!
“Lady! Let me borrow your back!”
“…Kyururuppiii!”
I jumped onto Lady’s hard back, kicked off, and jumped high, high… higher than the giant Golden Pyramid.
And while still in the air, I smoothly drew the sword from my waist, and raised it above my head.
“Hyaaaaaaaah!!”
Furthermore, guided by my 【Super Combat Instinct】, I moved my body and mana… and swung down the sword with all my might, using the momentum of my fall!
I’m aiming for the Golden Pyramid’s… the super-giant hermit crab’s, hidden soft abdomen!
ZUBA!!
My sword… and the magical slash released from my sword, deeply wounded the hermit crab’s weak point.
“GIJAAH, A-AAAAHHHHHH…!?”
The Golden Pyramid let out an agonized scream!
I, having slashed the Golden Pyramid, kicked off its elastic abdomen and immediately moved away.
But my 【Super Combat Instinct】’s support ended there.
I lost my balance, fell onto the desert sand, and…
“Bubu!?”
I was buried headfirst in the sand!
“Pepeh! Th-That was uncool.”
I somehow crawled out of the sand, spit out the sand, and looked at the Golden Pyramid.
There it was… the super-giant pyramid, upside down, with its tip stuck in the sand.
The hermit crab’s pincers and legs are no longer moving, hanging limply towards the ground.
“Did… we do it…?”
Even after watching for a while, there was no change.
The Golden Pyramid doesn’t move a muscle.
In other words.
We—
“WE WON!!!”
I jumped up and down, exploding with joy!