To My Friend, With All My Heart
* * *
“Hey, hey, hey… What’s this, Miss!? You know that monster!?”
A mysterious beautiful girl appeared from within the unidentified tentacle monster.
Harishurap was surprised that Mitran somehow knew the name of such a being.
Mitran, with a serious expression, looking at Emi, whose body was sprouting tentacles, explained the situation to Harishurap.
“Yeah… Leseida-san and I met Emi-chan before… by chance… when she was eating shrimp in an underground ruin that seemed to be an ancient shrimp farm…!”
“What kind of encounter is that!? And what’s with that underground ruin!?”
“And then, we fought alongside Emi-chan against some bad guys, and escaped from the collapsing ruin…!”
“The shrimp part is so strong that I can’t understand anything else…! What bad guys!? Shrimp poachers…!?”
…Mitran is not very good at summarizing the main points of a story.
Harishurap tilted his head, but… he decided to ignore the parts he didn’t understand.
He’s an adult.
“Anyway… so that terrifyingly beautiful cursed child is an acquaintance of yours, Miss!? Then why are we being attacked!?”
That was the problem.
The relentless tentacle attacks until just now, and the terrifying killing intent still emanating from her.
Those are proof that the tentacle monster… Emi, is undoubtedly aiming for their lives.
“I don’t know… but I think those tentacles are the cause.”
Leseida, wiping away her cold sweat, stated her guess.
Her gaze is also fixed on Emi.
Emi is currently floating in the air, supported by the tentacles growing from her back, busily restoring the tentacles that were blown away by the magic bomb.
Her human form, shining in the setting sun, looks truly divine and sacred, but the tentacles wriggling around her and the terrifying killing intent completely overshadow that impression, making her look evil.
It’s a blasphemous sight, one that you can’t look away from.
“When we met her before, she… was quite reckless, but she didn’t have those things growing from her. In other words, the current her is possessed and controlled by that tentacle monster…!?”
“What!?”
“So, what we have to do… is blow away all those tentacles!!”
Saying that, Leseida fumbled through her bag again.
And then, she took out a softball-sized sphere from within.
It’s a black sphere, with Super-Ancient Magic letters written on its surface in red.
That’s…!
“A-A magic bomb!?”
“Are you seriously not running out of those!?”
“That’s not a trump card anymore!”
Yes, it’s a magic bomb!
It’s an item that causes a small explosion when you pour mana into it and then give it an impact!
Leseida, staring at Emi, held the magic bomb in her right hand, swung her arm back, and was about to throw it again!
But!!
“GUGYUUUUURURURU!!!”
At the same time, Emi let out another creepy roar!
And hearing that, Mitran—
“Wait, Leseida-san!!”
—Stopped Leseida’s throw just in time!
“WHAT!?”
“What’s the matter so suddenly?”
“It worked!!”
Leseida and Harishurap are confused.
But Mitran, with a bright smile…
“I… I had an idea!!”
…Saying that, he frantically started rummaging through his bag!
His cheat ability, 【Super Intuition】, which had only given him the advice to ‘run away’, finally came up with a solution that Mitran wanted!
“There’s no way Emi-chan would be controlled by a monster! Because Emi-chan is… ridiculously strong!”
“Uu… but she’s clearly lost her mind, her eyes are hollow… she’s even letting out inhuman roars! She’s clearly not in her right mind, Mitran-kun!”
“No, you’re wrong, Leseida-san! Emi-chan… isn’t roaring!”
And here.
Mitran finally found what he was looking for in his bag.
It’s!
“Bread!?”
…A flatbread… that Mitran was carrying as food!
“That’s the sound of her stomach… Emi-chan is so hungry that she’s lost her mind!!”
““WH-WHAT!?””
…Yes, that’s the truth that Mitran’s cheat ability, 【Super Intuition】, had discerned!
After her life-or-death battle with the “Happy Sludge”, Kolmallya, Emi is in a state of extreme hunger, to the point of losing her mind!
That’s why she’s attacking anyone… that’s the truth behind Emi’s rampage!!
“And that’s why… HAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!”
Furthermore, Mitran, still holding the bread, concentrated!
Guided by 【Super Combat Instinct】… he started drawing power from the depths of his soul… and “somewhere connected to it”!
The golden power that had been faintly covering him… that is, his divine power, now overflowed from his body in an amount clearly visible to everyone, and poured into the bread he was holding!
The dry, hard flatbread started glowing a dazzling golden color!
What tremendous energy!
“What I’m putting into this… is my true feelings! My feelings of wanting to help my friend!”
Mitran, shouting that, held up the glowing golden flatbread!
Seeing that, Emi, for some reason, flinched as if scared, but then started drooling!
In any case, she stopped moving!
“Here!”
And then, Mitran, still holding the bread, started spinning around!
The light of the bread drew a beautiful circle!
“Eat this!!”
And Mitran threw the bread… towards Emi, like a discus throw!
BYUUUUUUUUUUH!!
The bread, thrown with the assistance of 【Super Combat Instinct】, cut through the air, leaving a golden trail, and flew straight towards Emi’s face!
Smack!
Smack, smack, smack!
All the tentacles that approached to catch the bread were repelled the moment they touched it, turning into black mist and disappearing!
The golden bread, unobstructed, quickly reached Emi’s mouth, and then!
Swoosh!
It disappeared, as if sucked into her body.
And the next moment, Emi’s whole body glowed golden, just like the bread!
It dyed the surroundings in a dazzling light!
For a few seconds.
After the light subsided, there—
Is a girl with black hair and black eyes… lying on her back on the desert sand… having lost all her tentacles.
She seems to have lost consciousness, her eyes closed, but her chest is slowly rising and falling.
“E-Ehehe… I did it…!”
Seeing that, Mitran, convinced that he had saved Emi and stopped her rampage, breathed a sigh of relief…
And then, he too lost consciousness, and collapsed.
【Seeing that, Emi, for some reason, flinched as if scared.】
Emi has a bad memory associated with golden glowing bread.
Refer to Arc 8.