【Adventurer Mitran】 Jump Over the Great Canyon
* * *
“Ugh, seriously! Those guys are way too persistent!”
Now then… the next day!
As I ran across the scorching Lasanaskiros Desert, riding in a sled for several people, I glanced back and complained again!
“SWIIIIII!! HOH HOH HOOO!!”
“““HOH HOH HOOO!!”””
‘Those guys’ are… a group of madmen with their heads completely covered by triangular pyramids, riding on a giant centipede, chasing us while shouting strange cries… the ‘Sunrise Triangle’!
Those Triangles appeared right after we left the oasis and started attacking us!
“Hahhaa! They’ve got their eyes on us!”
Laughing heartily, Harishurap-san pulled Lady’s reins!
“Kyururuppiii!!”
The giant pill-bug, Lady, accurately understands Harishurap-san’s instructions, and runs through the desert as if she were his own limbs, vertically and horizontally!
And she easily dodges the arrows that are flying—Pyun, pyun.
It’s as if she has eyes in the back of her head!
“‘Wind, become blades and shred the enemy! 【Wind Cutter】!’”
Of course, we’re not just taking it.
Here, Leseida-san turned around and attacked the Triangles with wind magic!
But…!
“SWIIIIII!! HOH HOH HOOO!!”
The large, lavishly dressed Triangle, who wasn’t there yesterday, sitting right behind the face-concealing driver maneuvering the giant centipede, suddenly stood up… and took out a transparent, softball-sized sphere from his pocket, and held it high!
And then, suddenly, a translucent “wall” appeared in front of the giant centipede… and blocked Leseida-san’s magic!
“Hmm… A portable barrier stone.”
“Hahhaa! I heard they’ve gotten cheaper recently!”
“Compared to before, yes. It seems that the Sunrise Triangle has considerable financial resources.”
Leseida-san gritted her teeth in frustration and commented on the Sunrise Triangle.
The wandering mage Nenesane was also pondering with her hand on her chin.
“…Wait, wait, wait!? Everyone, look ahead!”
But there’s no time to calmly chat!
Chased by the Triangles, before us is the “Great Canyon”, which splits the Lasanaskiros Desert into east and west.
The deep valley, whose bottom is invisible, is approaching moment by moment!
Its width is wide… It’s probably several hundred meters to the other side!?
“Hahhaa! Then, as planned, we’ll detour…!?”
Seeing that, Harishurap-san tried to pull the reins to change Lady’s direction.
But he couldn’t.
Because…
“““SWIIIIII!! HOH HOH HOOO!!”””
…Triangles riding on pill-bugs, the same kind as Lady, were already waiting on the north side, where we were supposed to detour!
“““SWIIIIII!! HOH HOH HOOO!!”””
And furthermore, we can hear the strange cries of the Triangles from the south side too.
In other words, we’re…!
“So we’ve been driven to this place…!”
Leseida-san calmly analyzed the situation, summarized its contents, and muttered, frowning!
The wandering mage Nenesane was also pondering with her hand on her chin!
A desperate situation!
But then!
“Ah!!”
Suddenly, a clear vision appeared in my mind!
One of the cheats I received from the God of Adventure… my 【Super Intuition】 activated, and I thought of a way to break the situation!
I leaned out of the sled and shouted at Harishurap-san, who was sitting on Lady!
“…Harishurap-san! Keep going straight! Towards the Great Canyon… Jump!”
“What!? Miss, what are you saying…!?”
Harishurap-san, surprised, looked back and tried to argue.
But!
Seeing my serious expression, he realized that my suggestion wasn’t born out of desperation.
He gulped, pushed up his sunglasses… and glared at me with sharp eyes.
“Being with you, Miss… is never boring! It’s the best! Hahhaa!!”
He shouted that, and smiled ferociously!
“Alright! Lady! Are you ready!?”
“Kyururuppiii!!”
Lady, who is highly intelligent, probably understands the objective recklessness of my suggestion.
Even so, she replied with a spirited cry!
“Lady… You really are a woman of steel!”
“Hey Miss, are you in love? But that’s a no-go! Lady’s a woman!”
“No, I’m a boy, and I’m not in love with a pill-bug…”
While we were bantering, the Great Canyon was getting closer and closer.
A cold wind blowing up from the bottom of the valley—Gouuu—ruffled my hair.
I’m a little scared.
But.
“…………!”
Leseida-san, sitting next to me, although her face is pale, is gritting her teeth and saying nothing.
She believes in me and is entrusting everything to me.
I have to protect her.
I will protect everyone!
“Hahhaa!! Then let’s go! Everyone, hold on tight to the sled! Shall we start a countdown!?”
Harishurap-san, on Lady, is talking fast.
Now, get ready!
It’s time to fight!
“Three… Two… One…!!”
And then.
Finally, Lady and the sled we’re riding reached the bedrock at the edge of the Great Canyon.
“JUMP!!! LADYYYYY!!”
“Kyururuppiii!!”
And we were in the air.
The tremendous speed generated by Lady’s 14 legs was enough to propel us across a third of the Great Canyon.
But that’s it.
If things continue like this, we’ll fall straight down into the dark bottom, after covering only a third of the distance.
So.
“From here on, it’s my job!!”
I shouted, gathered my resolve, and concentrated!
I remembered the words of my senior adventurer, Kamasse, whom I reunited with in a port town, immediately after crossing over to the Fantasy Continent.
He said.
That he once fought against a large flock of birds.
At that time.
He used offensive magic to launch his comrade into the sky!
I can do it too…
I have to do it!
“‘Flames, explode mightily! Blow everything away! 【High Explosion】!’”
The moment after I held my hand towards the bottom of the valley and chanted.
DODOOOOON!!!
With that roaring sound, a magic-induced explosion occurred at the bottom of the Great Canyon!
If I’m not careful, we might get caught in the explosion and get seriously injured.
But my cheat, 【Super Combat Instinct】, did a good job!
The explosion, occurring at an appropriate distance, sent only a bit of heat and a tremendous blast of wind towards us… and gently pushed our bodies up!
“Ha… Hahhaa!! That’s amazing, Miss!”
“Kyururuppiii!!”
Harishurap-san and Lady, feeling the strange sensation of floating in the air, cheered!
“However, we’re still short on distance, Mitran-kun!”
On the other hand, Leseida-san is calm.
While holding down her hat, as she spun in midair, she pointed out the lack of distance.
That’s right… With the boost from the blast, we’ve now traveled two-thirds of the Great Canyon.
The remaining third is up to us!
“‘Wind, blow everything away! 【High Storm】!’”
Of course, I’ll cover that last third!
Next, I unleashed intermediate-level wind magic!
By deliberately hitting ourselves with it… we’ll use the power of the wind to move horizontally!
“““Uwaaaah!?”””
Pushed by the strong wind, we spun around and were blown away at a tremendous speed, and then…!
“Awah!”
“Mugu!?”
“Gueh!?”
“Kyururuppiii!!”
We managed to cross the Great Canyon… and landed on the soft sand on the west side of the Great Desert!
“Phew… You really are amazing, Mitran-kun! To cross this Great Canyon without even flight magic!”
Leseida-san, holding me tightly after I had lost my energy and collapsed on the sand, praised me.
Yes, yes… If only I could use flight magic, I wouldn’t have had to go through all this trouble…
You need to make an enormous donation to the Magic Church to use it.
Ordinary people can’t afford it…
“Are you alright!? Are you alright!? Hey, was that fun, Lady! We flew through the sky! Hahhaa!!”
“Kyururuppiii!!”
Beside us, Harishurap-san was rubbing his cheek against Lady’s hard shell, rejoicing in their safety.
Lady is also making happy noises.
It seems that she and the sled we were riding are also safe.
The wandering mage Nenesane, on the other hand, was pondering with her hand on her chin.
If you look in the direction of Nenesane’s gaze… there are the Sunrise Triangles, on the other side of the Great Canyon.
They gathered at the edge of the cliff, and seemed to be talking about something… but after a while, they formed a group and started moving along the Great Canyon.
They’re heading north.
So they intend to take the route we originally planned… and cross the Great Canyon by detouring.
“Will they attack us again…?”
“Hahhaa! The western part of the Great Desert is vast… Although they ambushed us earlier, the chances of encountering them again are quite low!”
I let my anxiety get the better of me and made a weak-willed remark, but Harishurap-san, who had quickly finished preparing the sled, slapped me on the shoulder.
And then—
“More importantly, everyone, get on the sled quickly! Although the density is expected to be lower… this place is already the Lair of Magical Creatures! If we stay here, we’ll end up in a monster’s belly in no time!”
He warned us.
We hurriedly jumped into the sled and sat down on the boards.
“Now then, the real exploration begins! Hahhaa!”
With Harishurap-san’s cheerful laughter, Lady’s sled started moving.
To discover the yet-unseen, mysterious ruin, ‘The Golden Pyramid’!
【Portable barrier stone】
It seems that the price is gradually decreasing, as the production of raw materials is increasing (see Arc 22).
Judging from the conversation, it’s still expensive for everyday use.
The original developer of the barrier stone is “The Great Mage” Majurog.
【Kamasse】
Refer to Arc 6, etc.
A young, but highly skilled and talented adventurer.
Leseida’s younger brother.
He’s in love with a somewhat troublesome person.
【Used offensive magic to launch his comrade into the sky】
Kamasse, who isn’t a cheat user like Mitran, did this, so he’s undoubtedly a genius.
Also, the fact that his “comrade” was incredibly sturdy is also a factor in the success of Kamasse’s battle.