A Boy’s Sigh in Nut-Gathering Village
* * *
The ‘Great Wall’.
A wall that is simply high and long, blocking the western edge of the Lasanaskiros Desert.
Pikurutz and the other residents of Nut-Gathering Village live by carving holes into the rock face of this Great Wall.
The inside of the caves is cool even during the day, and by digging the entrances a little higher up, monsters can’t enter.
Their homes are traditional dwellings that have been passed down for generations for those reasons.
“Fwaaah… Well, I guess I’ll do my best today…”
Now, Pikurutz, woken up by his mother’s shouting, poked his head out of the cave entrance and yawned, exhaling white breath.
Looking beyond the horizon, the sun has already risen.
Soon the temperature will start to rise, and the activity of monsters like the Desert Topopolocks will increase.
He has to hurry.
“Yotto…”
Pikurutz grabbed the rope ladder hanging from the entrance and started to descend.
It’s quite high, but he’s been climbing up and down this ladder since he was a child.
He’s not afraid at all.
He moved his hands and feet nimbly, descended to the sandy ground, and a gust of wind—Phew—pushed his back.
The wind collided with the Great Wall, picking up some sand and flowing upwards as an updraft…
“…Haaa…”
Pikurutz absentmindedly watched the direction of the wind, and sighed, frowning at the enormity of the familiar Great Wall.
To Pikurutz, the Great Wall is truly a symbol of “the wall of life”.
Beyond this wall… or rather, on the plateau above this Great Wall, there’s a mysterious forest called the Spirit Forest, and as the name suggests, many mysterious creatures called spirits are said to live there.
Pikurutz knows this well because it was the setting for his beloved book, ‘Sakura, the Progenitor of All Familiar Tamers’.
Yes, adventure!
Beyond this wall, there’s adventure!
And yet!
There’s no way Pikurutz can cross this Great Wall.
Because the Great Wall is too huge and vertical.
It’s not a wall that an ordinary boy like Pikurutz can climb.
So Pikurutz, every day, gathers the spirit tree nuts that fall from the branches of the trees in the Spirit Forest, which extend over the Great Wall, and uses them as ingredients to make magic recovery potions, which he doesn’t even want to make.
Endlessly.
While being compared to his talented younger brother.
He lives a peaceful life that he doesn’t want to live.
For the rest of his life.
“…Haaaa…”
Pikurutz sighed again.
He thinks about it every time he sees the Great Wall.
His own helplessness, which he can do nothing about.
And he feels empty.
Deep down, he gives up on something every day.
But he can’t bear to give up on his dreams.
So he can’t let go of his bible.
His body feels heavy.
Even though he hasn’t done anything yet, he feels incredibly tired.
He feels like there’s a weight in the depths of his chest.
But he has to fulfill the quota imposed by his mother, or he won’t get breakfast.
If he lingers like this, the danger from monsters will increase.
That’s a problem.
So, Pikurutz, with the turmoil in his heart, dragged his heavy legs and headed to the gathering point for the spirit tree nuts.
【Spirit Forest】
A forest where many spirits live.
The place where Vice-Commander Geistpfenanjeshiriard met the dark spirit, Himetal.
Refer to Arc 13.