Scatter the Surging Demon Lord’s Army! 2
* * *
As mentioned earlier, the Dark Magic Wolves Deogandai brought with him this time are elite individuals he painstakingly trained.
Deogandai selected Dark Magic Wolves with high intelligence and sufficient combat ability to form this unit.
But, however.
There was one element that these elites were critically lacking.
That is “experience”.
After all, the veteran Dark Magic Wolves under Deogandai’s command were all lost due to the failed raid on the fortress city of Liheid.
Inevitably, the remaining Dark Magic Wolves are all young individuals.
Their stats may be high, but they lack experience.
Therefore, they are not very cautious.
Because they are high-stat elites with little experience of failure, they cannot fight with the assumption of defeat.
Their inflated egos prevent them from acknowledging the fact that their opponent is overwhelmingly stronger.
Humans are just targets to hunt and kill while playing… toys, or snacks.
They cannot correct that perception.
That’s why, even though they witnessed several of their comrades being slaughtered by the black-haired, black-eyed girl, Emi, right in front of them.
They never…… cowered in fear or tried to run away.
Rather, they were enraged.
How dare a weak human defy us!
Even at this point.
They were still trapped in that mindset.
Of course, if Emi were serious, the result would have been different.
If they were subjected to her full-fledged 【Intimidation】, even the arrogant elite Dark Magic Wolves would have literally tucked their tails and run away.
But however, Emi is.
This vicious monster.
Was only releasing enough 【Intimidation】 for the Dark Magic Wolves to mistakenly believe “She’s a little strong, but not someone we can’t beat”.
After all, it was this monster who nearly wiped out the veteran Dark Magic Wolves in Liheid.
She kind of understands the strength of Dark Magic Wolves, so she can adjust it.
Why would she do that?
If asked that question, Emi would probably answer, “Because it would be a pain to deal with them if they scattered and ran away”.
There’s no guarantee that the escaped Dark Magic Wolves wouldn’t attack any humans they encounter.
It was necessary to kill as many of them as possible here and now.
Of course, it’s true that she had such a thought in the back of her mind.
But, however.
In reality.
She was frustrated.
She desired targets to unleash her violence upon.
Dark Magic Wolves led by a demon.
That is undoubtedly, the Demon Lord’s army.
Emi confirmed this fact with Extra-sama and correctly recognized it.
The Demon Lord’s army.
The enemy of humans.
Therefore.
It’s okay, right?
To kill them.
To be honest.
What was driving Emi’s actions at this time.
Was such a wicked thought.
* * *
Enraged, they attacked the small human in front of them.
And they were punched, kicked, torn apart, losing their lives one after another.
But, however, they have not yet lost their will to fight.
Especially Dark Magic Wolves like them, thoroughly trained, are the Demon Lord’s army’s bioweapons.
Weapons that cower in fear just because their comrades are killed are unnecessary.
That’s why they’ve been trained that way.
But, however.
Deogandai, the middle-ranked commander of the Demon Lord’s army, leading these Dark Magic Wolves, was terrified.
And he was certain.
That the possibility of winning in this situation was extremely low.
(This is bad, bad, bad, bad!! What is this human!? This is bad!!)
Even though he was maintaining a calm and composed expression, his mind was in turmoil.
(I can’t see her bottom! She’s surrounded by Dark Magic Wolves, but she’s not even serious! Could it be that this human is as strong as one of the Four Archdemons!? Why is someone like that suddenly attacking me!? Why do these irregularities only happen during my missions!?)
Unlike the young Dark Magic Wolves, Deogandai accurately grasped the strength of the monster in front of him.
Therefore.
(Retreat……!)
To give that two-letter order.
He took a deep breath and braced himself.
He couldn’t afford to have any more Dark Magic Wolves needlessly killed.
But……!
“……!!”
He couldn’t speak.
“Re, re……!”
He couldn’t say it.
(There’s no way I can say retreat……!!)
Deogandai, despite sweating profusely, his eyes bloodshot, gritted his teeth!
What would happen if he ran away here?
It would be the same as at Liheid.
Mission failed.
A complete and utter failure.
And then, what?
A middle-ranked commander who failed two missions in a row, couldn’t inflict any significant damage on humans, and shamefully ran away with his tail between his legs… does he have a future?
What would Zeithawne, the Number One of the Four Archdemons, the Grand Strategist, the mastermind, do to such a Deogandai?
Demotion?
Relegation?
It wouldn’t end with something so lenient.
It wouldn’t be a matter of affecting his promotion anymore.
It’s death.
If he ran away here, what awaits Deogandai is death.
He’d be thrown into a magic dissolving furnace.
Melted into goo.
Turned into materials to create the next demon.
That would be the end.
The name Deogandai.
Would be entered into the death list along with the final evaluation of “incompetent middle-ranked commander”.
And eventually, completely forgotten.
That would be the end.
“I won’t accept……!”
Those words, muttered quietly, echoed surprisingly well.
After splitting another Dark Magic Wolf in half with a hand chop, Emi finally turned her gaze towards Deogandai.
“I WON’T ACCEPT SUCH A FUTUREーーー!!”
Deogandai screamed!
He stomped on the ground with his dragon feet, leaped high into the air, flapped his wings, and hovered in place!
He glared down at Emi from above!
“Cease combat! Scatter, Formation 7! Await instructions!”
The Dark Magic Wolves correctly understood Deogandai’s rapid-fire orders, and with undisguised hostility towards Emi in their eyes, they began circling around her, keeping their distance as instructed.
“My name is Deogandai!! I am a middle-ranked commander of the Demon Lord’s army!!”
Here, Deogandai proudly announced his name, illuminated by the streetlight below.
There was no trace of the fear that had been flickering in his expression until a moment ago.
He had finally made up his mind.
“You human there!! State your name!!”
His tone was arrogant.
But strangely, the eyes of Deogandai who shouted those words were clear.
Being stared at by those eyes.
The desire for slaughter that had been swelling in Emi’s soul subsided, as if doused with cold water.
“……Emi. I’m a traveler. Emi Rune.”
Emi stared straight back into Deogandai’s eyes and answered, looking a little awkward.
“I see, Emi! We are currently carrying out an operation under the Demon Lord’s orders! Cease your interference!”
“……Operation, you say?”
“There’s no need to tell you!”
“……Maybe so.”
After exchanging a few words, Emi assumed a fighting stance, her fist towards Deogandai.
The jet-black haze emanating from her body intensified, ominously polluting the surroundings.
Creak, creakcreak, creak……
The intensity of 【Intimidation】 released from Emi increased severalfold, and the surrounding space began to creak.
“So you intend to continue your interference!?”
“…………”
Emi silently continued to hold her fist up.
Deogandai took that as a sign of affirmation.
“Then, further discussion is pointless!”
Crackle, crackle!
An electric current ran through the two horns growing from Deogandai’s temples, making a sharp sound and faintly glowing!
“My future is on the line in this battle! I’m going all out…… Prepare to die, Emi Rune!!”
“……Is there ever a battle where your future isn’t on the line?”
Right before their clash.
Emi muttered that last line, and then…… screamed!!
“YOU DIE, DEOGANDAI!!”