My Recent Situation
* * *
It’s been about half a year since I, Emi Rune, was sent to the Eserem Sea of Fog.
Looking back, I think it’s been a rather peaceful half year.
<Eh… peaceful…?>
No, Extra-sama, it was pretty peaceful, wasn’t it?
Of course, at first, there were some conflicts with those Kobudai who could talk, and that giant turban shell…
But after that, I’ve been living peacefully, haven’t I?
<Ah, well, yes, that’s true… The impression of Calamity Humidafai, which somehow revived, was too strong.>
Well, that did have a strong impact, that’s true.
But that turban shell, after it burrowed into the ground and fell asleep, was just a mana generator, right?
<You, you were sucking the fog that it emitted, putting your mouth on the hole at the tip of Humidafai’s shell…>
I was.
Thanks to that, my mana was replenished, and my hunger almost completely subsided.
I’ve gotten a little attached to the Kobudai, so I’m really glad I didn’t have to kill them anymore.
Anyway…
I spent half a year in peace, but as my hunger subsided, I gradually started to feel bored.
So the first thing I did was to explore the bottom of this Eserem Sea of Fog, which seems to be considered uncharted territory for humans.
But… I have so much stamina…
That exploration ended in no time.
The scenery doesn’t change much, no matter where I go.
Fog, fog, fog… blue fog as far as the eye can see!
Sometimes there were dilapidated ruins, or a river flowing… but that’s about it.
There were no dangerous creatures like that turban shell, so it wasn’t really an exploration, just a walk.
<Is that walking… where you were mowing down hundreds of sharks and a three-headed giant lamprey…? >
But I didn’t gain nothing from that walk.
While walking in the northern part of the Eserem Sea of Fog… I noticed something.
I could smell… humans.
And then, when I asked Extra-sama, she revealed the fact that there are actually people living around the Eserem Sea of Fog!
Apparently, there are several plateaus that rise above the sea of fog, and people live there… and those people are under the rule of a flying country called the ‘Sky Kingdom of Neverfall’!
What’s that!?
A Sky Kingdom!?
What’s with that interesting name!?
Why didn’t you tell me about it sooner, Extra-sama!?
Well, we had a bit of a fight then.
Who cares about exploring the bottom of the Sea of Fog?
Tell me about the Sky Kingdom sooner!
<It can’t be helped. I’ve seen the Sky Kingdom several times in other world reincarnation broadcasts, but not the bottom of the Sea of Fog. I wanted to see something I’ve never seen before.>
But as a result, there was nothing to see.
<…And at that point, Emi, you were still a bit hungry. If you had gone to a human settlement in that state, you would have definitely attacked them. You don’t want to do that, right?>
Hmm…
<There’s a certain village on a plateau… in that village, every night, one by one, the villagers disappear… The culprit… is something in the form of a girl… with tentacles growing from her shoulders…!!>
What is this scenario!?
And what’s with ‘something in the form of a girl’!?
I’m human!
<Eh, are you serious?>
What’s with that ‘eh’?
I was clearly born from humans!
So I’m obviously human!
<…………>
And if it were me, I wouldn’t kill one person every night, that’s too slow.
If I were to do it, I’d kill them all in one night and eat them all.
<I see, there are different ways of doing things.>
That’s right!
…Huh?
I feel like the conclusion of this conversation is a bit strange, but whatever.
Anyway!
I learned about the Sky Kingdom.
And then some time passed, and now my hunger has subsided even further.
So, what should I do?
…That’s right!
Sightseeing!!
* * *
And so, I was climbing the wall, vertically towering from the sea of fog, step by step, using 【Silverfish】.
The smell of humans gets stronger the higher I climb.
There’s probably a plateau on top of this wall, with a human settlement.
I’m looking forward to it.
<But Emi, let’s just observe them secretly, concealing our presence.>
Well, I have black hair and black eyes…
They’ll probably hate me anyway, that’s understandable.
I know.
I was having that conversation with Extra-sama… when!
Whir, whir, whir…
My super hearing picked up that unfamiliar sound, mixed with the sound of the wind!
I hurriedly climbed the wall, and stuck my head out from the sea of fog.
And then, I saw a small, iron mass… moving in the distance, as if splitting the fog!
<Ah! Emi, it’s quite small, but it’s an airship! An airship is flying!>
Yes… in the northern sky of this Eserem Sea of Fog, there are quite a few airships flying around!
I’ve seen them from afar before, so I knew that.
After all, this area is ruled by the ‘Sky Kingdom of Neverfall’, which floats in the air.
They can’t function without flying vehicles.
<Airships were developed during the super ancient magical civilization, and their manufacture and use are currently restricted to a certain extent by the gods… but the area around the Eserem Sea of Fog is a special zone, and shipbuilding and piloting skills have been passed down continuously.>
Heeh.
Why are airships restricted by the gods?
<For various reasons, like conflicts of interest between the gods, and hindering the development of civilization. As I mentioned earlier, this area is an exception, and in this Fantasy Continent, there are quite a few airships flying around.>
Hmm…?
Well, whatever.
By the way, Extra-sama…
<Yes?>
That small airship…
<Yes?>
It looks like a mouse… it looks delicious, doesn’t it?
Guuuu…
Ah, my stomach growled.
<Hmm, I don’t know, I can’t agree with that.>
Ehhh…?
Ah, but…
I think Extra-sama will agree with this feeling.
…I want to ride an airship… don’t you?
<…I want to ride one…>
…Alright.
I jumped onto a sturdy-looking rock protrusion nearby, and did some stretches.
Then, staring at the small, mouse-shaped airship flying in the distance…
I put all my strength and mana into my legs… and…
Jumped!
My body, with the force of a cannonball, drew a parabolic arc, rapidly closing the distance between me and the airship!
But…!
<Ah! A miscalculation!? At this rate, we’ll jump over the airship and fall straight back into the depths of the Sea of Fog!?>
I put a little too much effort into the jump!
But it’s okay.
Just as I was passing over the airship, I extended a 【Black Tentacle】 from my shoulder… and wrapped it around the airship!
And then, pulling myself towards it… I clung to the bottom of the airship.
Boarding, successful!
<Phew… that was close! Do you want to do that again?>
Maybe another time.
More importantly, Extra-sama, I boarded the airship!
<Yes! Emi, how does it feel to ride one?>
Hmm, the fog and wind are hitting my face, it’s a bit cold.
And I want a chair.
<Well, you’re clinging to the bottom… so that can’t be helped.>
As we talked, Extra-sama and I continued clinging to the bottom of the airship.
But we can’t see anything from the bottom because we’re always in the fog, and I was just starting to get bored, when…
…The mouse-shaped airship suddenly gained altitude.
And then, a beautiful blue sky spread out before my eyes!
<Ooh…!>
And in the center of that blue sky, a giant something was floating!
Looking closely, it seemed to be a town made of piled-up white rocks.
And in its center, a magnificent castle stands tall.
Could that be…?
<Yes, that’s the Sky Kingdom! The ‘Sky Kingdom of Neverfall’!>
I see, that’s…
…Fufufu…
I’m getting motivated.
Black haze involuntarily gushed out from the gaps in my armor.
Fufufu…
Fufufufufufu!
Just you wait, Sky Kingdom!
I’m going to… enjoy myself to the fullest… sightseeing!!