Defeat in the Old Imperial City’s Underground
* * *
“Ha, ha, ha… Even though I’ve been granted power by the Detective God, I’m not good at fighting… or barbaric things. I wouldn’t face you without any preparations, would I?”
Detective Munodes, grinning, taunted me.
“…………”
For now, I unleashed my killing intent.
It’s enough 【Intimidation】 to make an ordinary person lose consciousness and collapse.
But Detective Munodes’ grin didn’t falter.
“If I die, it’ll be made known that you’re the culprit. A murderer can’t be a detective’s partner. Ha, ha, ha, this is the power of an adult!”
But Detective Munodes’ face is pale.
There’s sweat on his forehead.
My 【Intimidation】 is reaching him.
“Try to kill me if you can!! I don’t care! If I’m just going to keep losing my ‘place to belong’… there’s no point in living!! But in return… I’ll take away your ‘place to belong’ too… Ha, ha, ha!!”
But he’s laughing.
Detective Munodes is laughing hysterically.
His small eyes gleaming.
…He’s resolved.
He’s not someone I can control with threats of violence.
It’s irritating.
But.
“Then what do you want me to do? To quietly let you kill me?”
That’s the problem, after all.
Naturally, I have no intention of letting him kill me.
I will survive, no matter the cost.
If that’s the case.
As long as I can survive—
It doesn’t matter if I lose a friend.
It doesn’t matter if I become enemies with a friend.
I will live.
“I’LL KILL YOU!”
The killing intent I’m emitting exploded!
“…Haa, you’re really violent, aren’t you, talking about killing and dying. That barbarity is your true nature. As I thought, you’re not fit to be Akashiterika-chan’s partner.”
But Detective Munodes, neither running away nor fighting… just shrugged, and scoffed at me.
“Let’s talk. Let’s negotiate, Emi-chan. We’re not beasts… we can communicate with words. Right?”
And clenching the purple jewel he had been rolling in his palm, he thrust it forward, as if showing it off.
“This is a ‘Transfer Orb’. A disposable divine tool, bestowed upon me by the Detective God. He told me to ‘use it when an irregular appears that I can’t defeat’.”
The moment Detective Munodes said that, the Transfer Orb started glowing with a purple light.
The same color as a Transfer magic circle.
“As the name suggests, its effect is transfer. The target hit by this will be sent far, far away, never to return. In other words, Emi-chan, I don’t want you to die. What I want is… for you to disappear to somewhere I can’t see, with the power of this Transfer Orb.”
“…………”
Extra-sama, are there any lies?
<There are no lies about the name and effect of that divine tool. It’s a party favor for gods, sold at general stores in the Divine Realm. I saw it in the Merchant God’s broadcast.>
A party favor, huh…
<The problem is where the transfer destination is set. If you’re transferred to the bottom of the deep sea, or into magma, even you, Emi, might be in mortal danger… maybe? I wonder?>
Yes, there is…
I think there is…
“…Question.”
“What is it?”
“Why use that Transfer Orb? Why can’t I just walk away from this country?”
“Because I don’t trust you.”
Detective Munodes’ grin disappeared, his expression turning blank, and he said that curtly.
“Even if you say you’ll ‘leave this country’, you might go straight back to Akashiterika-chan’s office. I want to make absolutely sure that you disappear.”
“You might be planning to kill me with that Transfer Orb, by sending me into magma or something.”
“I won’t kill you. I’m an apostle of the Detective God, after all. I would never commit murder. The transfer destination is very far away, but it’s not a place where you’ll be in immediate danger. I swear on the Detective God, I guarantee it.”
“…………”
Extra-sama.
<There are probably… no lies. He’s probably really an apostle of the Detective God… and an apostle swore on their god. He can’t lie.>
“Ah, and also. It’s not just because of my jealousy that I want you to disappear.”
“What do you mean?”
“Since you appeared, Akashiterika-chan has clearly been put in more dangerous situations. This terrorist incident is a prime example. Cursed children bring misfortune to those around them… It was true, wasn’t it?”
“…………”
He’s hitting me right where it hurts.
I can’t refute that.
“Fortunately, Akashiterika-chan is safe… She has her own tricks, and if it comes down to it, the Detective God will surely help her. But you, you’re acting like her friend, aren’t you? But is it okay… for you to put Akashiterika-chan in danger because of you?”
“…………”
“You understand, don’t you, cursed child? If you really care about her. You shouldn’t be with her.”
Those words.
Although it’s something I’ve been thinking myself.
Hearing it from someone else…
…Really hit me hard.
A sense of loss.
It feels like… there’s a hole in my chest.
The killing intent that had been surging through me vanished like mist.
I completely slumped down.
I don’t mind becoming enemies with a friend, if it means I can survive.
I’ll even kill Akashiterika if necessary.
But.
If my existence… could get her killed.
“…It’s time, I guess.”
Detective Munodes, not missing my muttered words, smiled broadly.
“It was… like a dream.”
“Dreams… sadly, have to end.”
Detective Munodes rotated his shoulders, preparing to throw.
“Hey, Detective Munodes.”
“What is it?”
“Do you think Akashiterika will be lonely… without me?”
“She probably will be.”
“…………”
“But Akashiterika-chan isn’t so weak that she can’t overcome that, right?”
“…………”
“Believe in her. You’re friends, aren’t you?”
“…………”
Seeing me completely silent, Detective Munodes nodded with satisfaction.
“Now then, it’s time to say goodbye.”
Detective Munodes held the Transfer Orb before him, assuming a throwing stance.
“I don’t need any parting words. I don’t intend to say any.”
He swung his arm around, and with all his might—
“Don’t ever come back… you monster!”
—Threw the Transfer Orb at me!
The purple jewel, shining brightly, flew straight towards me… and hit me in the abdomen.
And then, the next moment!
An intense purple light, far stronger than before, overflowed from the Transfer Orb… enveloped my body, and then—
…I lost consciousness.