The Unleashed Fairy
* * *
“Hohohohoho! It seems you have more allies, intruder! But it’s already too late!”
Atmo, amidst her confusion, looked at Emi and Takataka and the others, who were repeating their awkward exchanges in the control room, and decided that they were allies.
However, as you can tell from her words, they are complete strangers.
Atmo’s cognitive abilities had declined to the point where she couldn’t even tell that.
“…Then, hohoho, let’s do one more thing, for the park closure, park closure, park closure! Hohohohoho!”
And Atmo, laughing loudly, made her next move!
Pin-poro-paro-ron, pon-peen!
A music box-style jingle, arranged from the theme song of Neverfall from the amusement park era, echoed throughout the entire Sky Kingdom of Neverfall!
* * *
Pin-poro-paro-ron, pon-peen!
When that unfamiliar melody echoed throughout the country, Hectopa, the leader of the anti-Prime Minister faction, was in the middle of carrying Nabokoris, whom they had tied up in a straw mat, through a back alley with his comrades.
“What…?”
“What is this song…?”
“What’s going on…!? First that shaking, and now this…!”
The anti-Prime Minister faction members muttered their anxieties one after another.
“…Attention, we would like to inform everyone who is visiting today.”
“““““!?”””””
However, they were startled by the woman’s voice that began announcing after the jingle, and immediately stopped talking.
“In about 1 hour, this park will be closed… hohoho, crashing, crashing, crashing, due to an energy shortage! Hohohohoho!”
The announcement voice was initially flat and monotonous, but soon its tone began to crumble, and it started laughing loudly!
“Huh!?”
“W-What!?”
The anti-Prime Minister faction members were greatly disturbed by the content, and the insanity!
“Haa!? …Guh!?”
As a result, Nabokoris, who was being carried, wrapped in a straw mat, was dropped to the ground, hitting his face!
“And, hohoho! As a thank you, thank you, thank you for your years of patronage, we’ll give you even more despair!”
And then, the moment the announcement voice said that!
Bashun!
A large hole suddenly opened up in the ground in front of Hectopa and the others, and something huge jumped out of it!
DOSHIN!
And that something landed on the ground with a heavy thud, and stared at Hectopa and the others, with a creepy smile on its face.
It was… something giant-like.
His height was such that adults would have to look up to see his face.
However, his body is unbalanced, with an extremely large head, giving him a four-head-tall proportion.
Furthermore, his limbs are also quite large.
His palms, wearing white gloves, are so large that he could easily crush a child.
And his clown costume and clown makeup, which should be comical… are extremely eerie, combined with his unidentifiable nature.
“Hello, I’m Neverfall-kun! Show me your park tickets!”
And the giant clown spoke, without moving his mouth, with a smile on his face.
“P-Park tickets…?”
“What’s… he talking about…?”
“Show me your park tickets!”
“G-Giant-dono? We… don’t understand what you mean…”
“Show me your park tickets!”
Neverfall-kun persistently demands that Hectopa and the others show him something called ‘park tickets’, but Hectopa and the others don’t understand what he means.
Hectopa and the others continue to try to communicate with him, but Neverfall-kun’s words are one-sided, and they can’t hold a conversation.
And then, after their conversation repeated a few times…
“Don’t you… have park tickets?”
…Neverfall-kun’s… atmosphere changed.
“A-Ah…”
“What… are park tickets… in the first place?”
The giant Neverfall-kun, his face shadowed because he’s backlit, is truly terrifying.
Hectopa and the others, intimidated by his oppressive appearance, involuntarily answered.
They answered…
And the next moment… Neverfall-kun raised his large palm to the sky!
“Illegal entrants found! Illegal entrants found! Illegal entrants and scalpers will be eliminated!”
And then he swung his palm down at Hectopa and the others!
“Eek!?”
“Uwaaaaah!”
“Dodge!”
They narrowly dodged his palm.
But… Nabokoris.
Only Nabokoris, who was tied up in a straw mat, couldn’t.
“Haaahーーー!?”
Nabokoris was caught by Neverfall-kun’s large palm, and lifted into the air.
And then…
“Eliminate! Eliminate! Throwing illegal entrants… into the sky, whoosh!”
“What!? Throw me into the sky!? S-Stop it, stop it, let me go! How much do you want!? Let gooooーーー!!”
Neverfall-kun, holding Nabokoris, walked away somewhere, happily singing, his footsteps echoing, ZUSHIN-ZUSHIN…
“Wh-What is that monster…!?”
Hectopa and the others could only watch, dumbfounded.
But they don’t have time to be dumbfounded.
Because…
“Hello, I’m Neverfall-kun! Show me your park tickets!”
“Hello, I’m Neverfall-kun! Show me your park tickets!”
“Hello, I’m Neverfall-kun! Show me your park tickets!”
Several more Neverfall-kun were rushing towards them!
“Ru… Run awaaaay!!”
Seeing that, the anti-Prime Minister faction members started running away!
Neverfall-kun chasing.
Citizens running for their lives.
That was the scene that was unfolding… all over the Sky Kingdom of Neverfall…!