Extra-Sama Gets Carried Away
* * *
“The culprit of this Superbad Treasure theft case… is Deputy Director Gaisha… That’s who it is!!”
The moment Akashiterika confidently declared that!
<SEEEEEEEE!!! DID YOU SEE THAT!!!>
In my head, Extra-sama… roared!
<I KNEW IT! It was obviously strange! The way he didn’t mention anything about the Living Dolls being missing! His “good guy” act also seemed suspicious! See, see, SEE, SEE! That means my deduction wasn’t wrong, it’s practically been quality-assured by a great detective, so from today onwards, I’m also a great detective!?>
E-Extra-sama, you’re too loud!
“Wa… wa, wa, wait a second!!”
Just because Akashiterika says it’s right, doesn’t mean it’s right, Extra-sama!?
I’m still not convinced!
“Why!? Why does the Living Dolls disappearing earlier mean that Deputy Director Gaisha is the culprit!?”
That’s the problem!
I don’t understand the connection at all!
It doesn’t make sense!?
<Fufufu, you’re getting so worked up… That side of you is also cute Emi.>
Ugh, what’s with that… smug winner’s attitude!?
“It’s only natural that you’d have that question if I just state the conclusion without explaining. I’ll explain it now.”
In contrast to me, panicking inwardly, Akashiterika is calm.
With a serious expression, she looked around at us… and finally started explaining the case!
<Now, Beautiful Girl Detective Akashiterika! Reveal the whole truth of this case!>
From what position are you even speaking, Extra-sama!?
* * *
“Even if you say you’ll explain…”
Now, the first to object to Akashiterika, with a puzzled look, was the muscle gramps… Director Rakigataa.
“Even if it’s Akashiterika-sama’s words, I can’t easily believe that Gaisha is the culprit. He comes from the former Count Colossale’s family, and is proud of his lineage. He’s not the type of person to commit a crime. He’s serious, responsible, and always does a perfect job…”
“That’s exactly it, Director.”
Akashiterika, pointing her index finger at the muscle gramps, who was rambling on, defending his subordinate, shut him up!
“From interviewing the staff members, I could tell that Gaisha-san has a bit of a perfectionist streak. What do you think about that, Director?”
“…Well, now that you mention it… He’s afraid of failure, more than necessary… He does have that side to him.”
Muscle gramps, after exhaling deeply—Fuu—reluctantly admitted it.
But he still doesn’t look like he wants to admit that the deputy director is the culprit.
But Akashiterika, not minding that, stared straight at muscle gramps.
“And that perfectionist personality… is what motivated him to commit this crime… Don’t you think so?”
She asked that.
Hmm, what does that mean?
I tilted my head, not understanding Akashiterika’s deduction.
<Oh, I see! Deputy Director Gaisha, being a perfectionist, wanted the Superbad Jeweled Crown to make himself even more perfect! He wanted to wear the crown and pretend to be the emperor! That’s it!>
No, that’s stupid.
That’s not ‘it’.
“Deputy Director Gaisha, being a perfectionist, must have felt an extraordinary sense of responsibility when he realized that the Frozend Living Dolls had disappeared while the director was away… in other words, while the treasure vault was under his management. And at the same time, precisely because he’s a perfectionist, he didn’t want to admit that fact as his own failure. That’s why, to cover up the disappearance of the dolls…”
“Eh, to cover up the disappearance of the dolls… he caused this incident!?”
Detective Munodes, still looking dubious, showed his surprise!
Akashiterika smiled and nodded deeply.
<…Yes, yes, that’s right! Just as I thought!>
Liar!
Or rather, hmm…
But isn’t that strange?
Well, I’ve heard that the Superbad Jeweled Crown is ‘practically a national treasure’, and if such a valuable item is stolen, the impact of the Living Dolls’ disappearance would be lessened…
“But if he caused an incident, wouldn’t that also be his failure?”
It could even be said that he just added to his failures, right?
<…Huh? Oh, that’s right! I was also thinking that!>
Liar!
Putting aside Extra-sama, who keeps changing her words…
It seems that muscle gramps and bed head detective agreed with my question, as they nodded.
“And, Akashiterika-sama… Although your reasoning for the motive makes sense… there’s no decisive evidence that Gaisha is the culprit. Therefore, even if it’s your words, I can’t agree with you.”
Furthermore, muscle gramps, with a dissatisfied look, accurately pointed out the biggest hole in Akashiterika’s deduction.
In other words, ‘Show me the proof’.
<THAT’S RIGHT! SHOW ME THE PROOF!>
Extra-sama roared in my mind!
“There’s… no proof… right now.”
To muscle gramps, Akashiterika… surprisingly readily admitted that her deduction is just a conjecture, without any physical evidence!
“E-Ehhh!? Then what are we going to do? We can’t pursue that deputy director without proof!”
Bed head detective lamented, scratching his messy hair!
<THIS BEAUTIFUL GIRL DETECTIVE IS UNBELIEVABLE!>
Extra-sama roared in my mind!
“But.”
However, Akashiterika is still completely calm.
She crossed her arms, straightened her back proudly…
“Gaisha-san will soon show his true colors. Because this case… isn’t over yet.”
Saying that, she smiled boldly!
<Fufu… As expected, you’ve noticed.>
Extra-sama also laughed boldly in my mind!
…Hey, Extra-sama.
Let’s stop this, okay?
<Sorry.>