“Emi’s Underling, the Great Sea Serpent” Zaratopu
* * *
Zaratopu’s consciousness was hazy as it drifted weakly on the sea surface.
Emperor Emperor’s giant tentacle crept up silently from under the sea and in an instant, it coiled around Zaratopu’s tail, swung it around, and slammed it into the sea surface.
Because of that, its whole body is in pain.
As it was swung around without restraint, its vision is still spinning, making it feel sick.
“IKAAAAAAA!!”
The giant squid that should be nearby.
Its stupid-sounding angry voice.
In reality, it should be at a volume that’s annoyingly loud, but it sounds vaguely faint as if echoing from somewhere far away.
(It hurts…… it hurts……)
The pain is unbearable.
Zaratopu, who hates conflict and is a coward.
However, except for the giant squid and giant shrimp in front of it, there aren’t many creatures larger than it.
Moreover, such giant creatures usually have their own territories.
If Zaratopu doesn’t approach them and upset them, it won’t be attacked.
Therefore, it had been a long time since it felt this kind of pain.
Because after escaping from the group, Zaratopu had been targeting and eating only small fish with low risk.
It couldn’t possibly do any hunting that risked getting injured.
Of course, even when it was in the group, it had that tendency.
That’s why its body was smaller than any other Great Sea Serpent in the group.
(I want to run away……)
Zaratopu thought.
(I want to run away now……)
It thought so, as usual.
Whenever it was in trouble, it always ran away.
Until now, it had managed to get by like that.
This time too, it should have run away.
(Then why didn’t I run……)
It was because that small Anego was there.
If it was that person, maybe they could do something about these demons in its place.
It thought so.
(It’s too late to regret now, but……)
While absentmindedly gazing at the giant squid’s tentacle being swung down.
(I wonder if I’m going to die like this……)
Zaratopu thought so, as if it were someone else’s business.
“Zaratopu, watch out!!”
However, while its consciousness was hazy and it was about to accept death, there was a voice that instantly awakened Zaratopu’s consciousness.
Of course, it was the voice of his small Anego!
It unintentionally widened its eyes and turned to the direction of the voice.
Then, at that moment, his small Anego…… had just thrown something this way while clinging onto the giant shrimp’s head.
HYUGOOOO…… OOOOOHN!!!
That something flying at an eye-blurring speed deflected the giant squid’s tentacle that was swung down like a blade to take Zaratopu’s life, shifting its trajectory!
“Ikaaaaa!?”
The giant squid let out a surprised voice at its tremendous power!
(Amazing…… as expected, Anego is amazing!!)
Zaratopu’s heart made a loud sound with emotion and excitement!
It was the moment when its admiration for his small Anego reached the level of infatuation.
However, the desperate scene reflected in its shining eyes.
“Shushushuuuu!!!”
“Oh no……!?”
Because it saved Zaratopu.
It was the figure of his small Anego, who was caught by the barnacles’ cirri taking advantage of that opening and became unable to move!
(No way…… no, no, no! Because of me…… Anego is!!)
It wants to run away now.
At this moment, Zaratopu.
Didn’t think about such a thing even a little bit.
It wants to save her.
I have to save Anego!
That was…… its sole thought!!
(Anego……)
The pain in its body had already gone somewhere.
In reality, it’s probably hurting.
But Zaratopu forgot that pain in its excitement.
It tries wriggling its body and swinging its tail left and right.
……It can do it!
Its body…… its body is moving!
(I’ll save you…… I’ll save you!!)
The Great Sea Serpent that always ran away.
Never regrets its way of life until now.
Even if it’s pathetic, even if it’s pointed at from behind.
Everything is because it’s alive.
What’s wrong with running away?
It will never deny that way of life of continuing to run away from its enemy group of the same species.
But.
But, just for now, this time!
It can’t run away!
It chose to fight!
“PYURURURURUUUU!!!”
DOPAAAAHN!!
Zaratopu roared loudly and then powerfully swung its tail to accelerate!
A large splash of water flies!
“EBIIII!!”
The giant shrimp swings down its giant claws to prevent it from approaching.
“IKAAA!!”
The giant squid extends many giant tentacles at a tremendous speed for pursuit.
Zaratopu continues to narrowly dodge all those attacks by swaying its course left and right and advances!
To save its small Anego!
It doesn’t know why it’s getting this serious for that person it met just a day ago.
It’s because that person is its aspiration.
Although a bit tyrannical and sometimes frightening.
Despite being so small.
Very strong.
It never cowered before Zaratopu, who was larger than itself.
That…… strong heart!
It was that mental strength of Emi that Zaratopu admired.
I’ll say it again, Zaratopu doesn’t think running away is a bad thing.
In fact, running away isn’t a bad thing.
If you can manage by running away, it’s okay to run away.
But it had an aspiration.
The strength to be able to face powerful enemies without fear!
It wants to be like that too!
Deep down, Zaratopu had always thought so!
But, someday, someday, someday, someday, someday.
While continuing to think so, only the years had passed.
But.
(Now.)
Courage burns in Zaratopu’s heart!
(Now is the time to fight!!)
Using that courage as fuel, its body keeps moving forward, forward!
Zaratopu quickly approaches the giant shrimp, and now it’s at a distance where it can even read the expression of its small Anego, Emi.
It’s the usual expressionless face.
Despite being restrained all over its body, it’s a composed, expressionless face!
(As expected!)
Confirming its safety and feeling happy, Zaratopu further increases its speed!
<<<Anegooo!!!>>>
While desperately sending a 【Telepathy】, it took seawater into its mouth.
<<<【Water Cannon】!!!>>>
And it spits it out towards the giant shrimp with tremendous force!
DOPAN!
DOPAAHN!
Those water bullets don’t damage the steel-like carapace of the giant shrimp.
However, the barnacles clinging to its surface are a different story!
“Shushushuuu!?”
Unable to move, they are crushed by Zaratopu’s well-aimed 【Water Cannon】.
The cirri are torn off.
Emi’s restraint is released!
“Zaratopu!”
Emi doesn’t miss that opportunity.
Shouting a word, she kicks off the giant shrimp’s carapace and bounces back to Zaratopu’s head.
<<<Anego! Are you okay!?>>>
“Of course. Sorry for the trouble.”
Zaratopu makes a sharp turn and takes distance from the giant shrimp for now.
The pursuit, the downswing of the claws.
The giant tentacles that suddenly appear from under the sea.
Zaratopu smoothly dodges all of them and advances!
“Zaratopu…… to be honest, I only considered your role this time to be about the level of an assistant on the sea.”
While saying that, Emi squats down, strokes Zaratopu’s large scale on its head, and says.
“But you…… will fight, with me!”
<<<Of course!>>>
Zaratopu roared with rough breathing and puffed out its chest!
<<<Because I’m Anego’s underling!!>>>
“……Thank you.”
Muttering that word, Emi stood up.
“EBIIII!!”
“IKAAA!!”
Blocking Emi and Zaratopu’s path are the super giant shrimp and squid.
They are intimidating us by raising their claws and tentacles.
But Zaratopu wasn’t scared at all of these two, who were much larger than itself.
The opponents are a giant shrimp and a giant squid.
On this side, it’s Emi and Zaratopu.
In terms of numbers, it’s the same.
There’s no disadvantage!
“Now…… let’s go, Zaratopu!!”
<<<Yes!!>>>
With Emi’s shout, Zaratopu started charging towards the enemy again!
“It’s time for…… lunch prep!!”