【Beautiful Girl Detective Akashiterika!】Morning in the Old Imperial City 1
* * *
A carpet, elaborately designed down to the smallest detail, always trampled on, yet still shining.
A door, carved with dragons, lions, and Noshteruketchs, wildly dynamic, even though its only purpose is to allow entry and exit.
In the center of a child’s room, lavishly decorated from corner to corner, with an elegant desk and chair, Akashiterika, smaller than she is now, perched on the chair, stared blankly at her blurry-faced tutor.
A tutor with a blurry face, whose details she can’t make out…
This is a dream.
Akashiterika realizes that.
This is a dream, reliving a memory from her childhood.
She has dreams like this sometimes.
Dreaming of memories from her childhood.
Such an experience isn’t uncommon.
In Akashiterika’s case, the remarkable thing is that whenever she dreams of her childhood, it’s almost always a scene of her being tutored.
Because that’s practically all there was to her childhood.
Her family was kind.
Her tutors were professionals.
No one was cruel enough to bully her.
It could be said that everyone around her was a person of good character.
But.
Even though she understands that it can’t be helped.
Her family, the servants, her tutors.
She had no contact with anyone else, no friends her own age.
Just endless studying, every day.
It was a very boring childhood.
Why did Akashiterika think that?
If she didn’t know any other way of life from childhood, wouldn’t she simply accept that life as ‘normal’?
The answer is simple.
Akashiterika had memories of her past life.
* * *
In her past life, Akashiterika was just a high school girl.
With ordinary looks, and an ordinary personality—a high school girl you could find anywhere.
She wasn’t the type to lead everyone, at the center of the class.
If anything, she was the type who would talk to people if they talked to her, but otherwise, she would just watch everyone from the corner of the classroom… that kind of high school girl.
Wide, shallow, inoffensive, calm.
That’s how she interacted with people.
Precisely because she was that kind of girl.
She was able to feel a slight sense of discomfort towards the bullying that the entire class was engrossed in, towards the ‘injustice’ inflicted on a certain high school girl.
However, her thoughts were manipulated by some kind of supernatural power, and in the end, she couldn’t resist that ‘injustice’.
She regretted it, and felt sorry.
That regret was deeply etched into her soul.
* * *
“That is why I sought your soul.”
The gentleman with a mustache, in his well-tailored gray suit, gently rolling her soul in his palm, said that.
“Next time, can use your power to dispel the injustice that befalls people?”
She had suddenly lost her body, become just a soul, and her memories are hazy.
She doesn’t understand anything.
But the gentleman’s calm voice resonated well with Akashiterika’s soul.
(Yes… Yes!)
Akashiterika’s soul let out a voiceless scream.
(I will!)
At that time… it’s true that her thoughts were a bit hazy.
But it was also true that the scream came from the depths of her soul.
“Very well!”
The gentleman, hearing Akashiterika’s reply, smiled.
“Then you! In this fantasy-filled world, Ardyst… use your wisdom, and save the people!”
He snapped his fingers.
And then, a warm, pink vortex appeared before the gentleman!
Flowing through the other end of the vortex is a torrent of souls!
In other words, it’s the flow of reincarnation!
“As an apostle of me, Sikuretabaaku, the Detective God… as a great detective!”
Sikuretabaaku, the Detective God, saying that, gently tossed Akashiterika’s soul, in his palm, towards the pink vortex.
Akashiterika, sucked into the vortex, was swallowed by a giant surge, flowing, flowing, flowing…
And Akashiterika.
“…………!”
“O…………e!”
“…………s! O…………s!”
“Congratulations!”
“Ogya, ogyaa, ogyaaah!!”
“It’s a lovely girl! She looks just like… you!”
Was born as Akashiterika.
【Sikuretabaaku, the Detective God】
The god of detectives, who first appeared in Arc 23.
He has a habit of getting increasingly excited as he explains his deductions.
He’s slightly dissatisfied with the fact that the world he lives in is a fantasy world.