A Certain Man’s Diary 2
* * *
When I returned from chopping wood, Emi was staring at the wall, emitting a murderous aura and unleashing intimidation in all directions.
Eh? What’s that about? What are you doing? Did something happen?
I thought of teaching her a safe way to land as a preliminary step to mastering 【Grasshopper】, but why is she spreading such a murderous intent?
After involuntarily dropping a knuckle on her to stop the intimidation, I threw Emi outside.
…It was a bit scary. I was startled.
After that, I occasionally peeked outside, and Emi was standing still under the eaves, continuing to leak out a murderous intent.
Ehhh…?
Seriously, Emi, what are you doing?
I’m scared because this makes no sense at all.
Did I do something? Girls are so hard to understand…
For now, I made the meat for dinner larger, and that seemed to slightly improve her mood.
Good.
* * *
For the next few days, Emi’s sullenness (?) continued.
I was completely clueless about what had happened, and it was perplexing.
…Unsure of how to act, the intimidation Emi was releasing outside suddenly stopped, and then, BAM!! A loud noise echoed.
What in the world?
Peeking outside stealthily, I saw the ground at Emi’s feet was gouged out, leaving a small crater.
Huh? What happened?
Watching her, Emi started punching rocks, shattering them into pieces.
Eh!?
That’s something I was planning to teach her next…!
Eh? Seriously, what happened? What? Did she figure that out by herself?
I’m once again astounded by Emi’s talent.
But, I wanted her to practice landing, so why did she start learning off-track skills like intimidation and 【Magic Strike】?
It’s a mystery.
* * *
Today, Emi is climbing trees and jumping down again, tirelessly repeating the process.
She seemed to catch on quite easily during 【Silverfish】, but this current task appears to be quite challenging.
Well, that’s to be expected.
Given her sharp intuition, I think she might master “soundless landing” with another year of practice.
Seeing Emi work hard in her daily training, I want to give her a reward today.
It’s a horn from an Electricia.
Polished and slightly modified, it becomes a magical lamp that emits light just by holding it.
Don’t know the principle behind it.
It’s beautiful, and I think girls would be pleased with it.
Emi seemed very surprised when I gave her the magic lamp.
Her expression didn’t change, but she was probably surprised.
Cute.
I guess, given her background, she probably hasn’t had a decent life, so this might be her first time seeing a magical tool.
However, the lifespan of this magic lamp was short.
Emi stared intently at the lamp.
Gradually, its light dimmed… and the lamp broke with a sound.
What are you doing!?
What did you just do, Emi!?
And then, having broken the magic lamp, Emi placed it on the floor and, for some reason, began clapping her hands endlessly.
Pan, pan, pan… she continued clapping her hands forever.
Now more than ever, her actions are full of mysteries, and from an outsider’s perspective, they are too incomprehensible and a bit scary.
Still, I can somewhat tell she’s a smart child from her usual behavior, so there must be some meaning behind this clapping.
I decided to let her do as she pleases.
But, really, she never stops.
It was so noisy that I couldn’t sleep, so I finally got a bit angry and threw her into the futon.
* * *
For a week, Emi continued clapping her hands.
And then, before I knew it, she had mastered “soundless landing.”
Really, I can’t make sense of it.
And in no time, she acquired the skill to jump off cliffs without getting hurt.
Of course, she also became able to use 【Grasshopper】 without any issues.
Children’s growth is really fast…
Next, I’ll teach her 【Mantis】.
To split a large rock in half with a hand blade.
Emi is amazed.
【Mantis】 is based on a technique called 【Magic Sword】 used by the captain of the knights in a castle I sneaked into for work long ago.
【Magic Sword】 is a technique that enhances the sharpness of a sword.
I don’t know the principle.
It’s said to be a secret technique within the “Sword Saint Style,” available only to a handful of advanced students.
Surprisingly, when I tried to imitate it, it turned out to be quite easy.
The practitioners of the “Sword Saint Style,” who can only be mastered by a handful of advanced students, aren’t they seriously training?
Emi was able to do it after just three days of practice.
* * *
Recently, I’ve started sparring with Emi.
Normally, you might teach the basics of fighting before any techniques… but I’ve never been taught by anyone, so I don’t really know.
As expected, Emi has a knack for it.
I once threw a punch with a bit more spirit in an attempt to catch her off guard, and though she was quite blown away and stunned at that moment, she was able to deflect such strikes cleanly afterward.
Also, I’ve been making her run through the mountains to build up her stamina.
She follows me silently without complaint.
Her resistance to poison has also become much stronger.
Ordinary poisons are unlikely to be fatal to her now.
What else can I do for this child?
* * *
Looking back at my recent diary entries, I’ve written exclusively about Emi.
I’m like an old man doting on his grandchild.
Me, of all people.
I can’t help but laugh.
When I whimsically saved this child half a year ago, I never imagined it would come to this.
Ten years ago.
Feeling my body weakening, I retired from my work and began to live hidden in the depths of these mountains.
Days passed without purpose, just idling away.
At that time, I thought I would just live out the rest of my time until my body decayed.
Life is unpredictable.
Who would have thought that the most fun and happiest times of my life would come now, at the brink of death?
However, becoming aware of this happiness, I also feel anxiety.
Someone like me, who has spread death and misfortune in the world, this “cursed child” –
It doesn’t seem right for me to be happy.
Surely, there will be repercussions for this happiness someday.
If not, the people I’ve killed won’t rest easy in the underworld.
Ah, but.
Even if misfortune were to come my way.
There is one thing I cannot compromise on.
I will absolutely not involve Emi in that misfortune.
I must protect Emi at all costs.
After all, I am Emi’s master and the “kind and cool grandpa.”