"Zheng Wugong! How dare you attack the Mu Family in front of the Feiyue Lake!"
Looking at the black-skinned man at the ninth layer of Qi Refining, the Mu Family Head's tone was cold and shocked. He had remained vigilant throughout the journey, not wanting to be attacked when he was almost at his doorstep.
"Kill! Make this battle quick!" Zheng Wugong laughed wickedly, forming hand seals. The flaming greatsword under his feet skyrocketed to the size of a door panel, and deep within the flames that pulsated on the body of the blade, a hint of bizarre black aura was revealed! The blade light and flames cut through the air and aimed straight at the Mu family head.
At the same time, the six cultivators behind Zheng Wugong also struck out, their cultivation levels were at least mid-layer of Qi Refining.
One of them, a beautiful woman at the seventh level of Qi Refining, cast a vine spell, and a green vine drilled out from the ground, wrapping itself around the Mu family head.
"Daring to be arrogant in front of the Mu family's doorstep, all of you will be buried here today!"
The Mu family head's face was stony as he sacrificed a green flag, stabbing it into the ground to create a whirlwind the size of a hut.
Another talisman was crushed and a golden light shield protected his body.
Puff! Poof!
However, with one against two, the Mu family head quickly fell into a disadvantage, the light of the green flag in front of his body dimmed, and the golden light shield shattered under the onslaught of the fiery blade.
Four Mu family cultivators met the Zheng family's five mid-stage Qi Refining cultivators.
Again, the situation was not optimistic for the Mu family with fewer fighting more.
The intense fight caught the surviving teenagers off guard.
Many of them turned pale, trembling with fear.
Having just entered the cultivation world, They had never seen anything like this before.
"The world of cultivation is too dangerous! I want to go back home and farm...." Li Ergu cried, his voice trembling.
"You guys quickly go back to the family!" A young man from the Mu family, who was at the fifth layer of Qi Refining, transmitted his voice to the others.
Lan Chang'an had an impression of this person, he was the one who distributed the spirit stones to the ten youths before and he was named Mu Yunfei.
"Yes, let's run away!"
"We're just a liability if we stay here."
The youths reacted quickly and ran in the direction of Fei Yue Lake.
"I'm afraid it's not that simple." Lan Chang'an frowned slightly and didn't rush to escape.
The Zheng family's cultivators clearly had the advantage of numbers, but they just pestered the Mu family head and the others, seemingly paying no attention to Lan Chang'an and the others.
This abnormality caught Lan Chang'an's attention.
As expected, the youths had only run a few dozen meters before a sharp whistle sounded.
Snort!
A wind blade several feet long swept past the fastest running youth.
Before he could even scream, his head was separated from his body, blood gushing out.
Hiss!
The nearest youth came to a screeching halt, his body covered in cold sweat.
"There's an ambush!"
The Mu family head and the four family cultivators, their faces sank.
Three cultivators descended from the trees on the side of the road.
Two men and one woman.
The leader, an ugly woman with a fourth level Qi Refining cultivation, instructed the two young cultivators behind him: "This is your first real battle in the world of cultivation! Follow me to kill the remaining eight immortal seedlings, and don't be careless..."
"Don't worry, Sister Feng!"
"We have magical weapons in our hands, killing these new entrees is just like slaughtering chickens!"
The two young men were around twenty years old, at the third level of Qi Refining. Their expressions showed more excitement than nervousness.
Lan Chang'an's senses were sharp, catching their conversation.
It was evident that Aunt Feng intended to use these immortal seedlings, like Lan Chang'an and the others, to sharpen the young cultivators in their family.
The current immortal seedlings were weak in cultivation, lacked magical weapons, and were not proficient in spells, they would really not fare well against the ugly woman's group of three.
Just two young men at the third level of Qi Refining, with magical weapons in hand, could slaughter them.
"We are running out of time, hurry up and kill!" The ugly woman took the lead without summoning her magical weapons. With a wave of her hand, a wind blade intercepted and bisected another immortal seedling girl, leaving only seven immortal seedlings.
Of those who knew one or two spells, there were only three or four.
Among them, only three or four knew a couple of spells.
"Zheng Yan, let's compare who can kill more!" The two young men laughed maniacally, like tigers entering a flock of sheep, manoeuvring their magical weapons to attack.
"Hmph!"
Lan Chang'an knew that he couldn't just sit back and wait for death, rubbing a stone-sized fireball out of his fingertips, coldly attacking one of the young men.
Flame Flick Technique, one of the less powerful fire spells.
Before awakening, this was the only attack spell Lan Chang'an had learned from the wanderng taoist.
In Lan Chang'an's hands, the power and speed of this spell was more than fifty percent stronger than the original.
"So fast!"
The young cultivator was startled, and in his haste, he manipulated his magic weapon, the Iron Sword, to return to defend.
Peng!
The flames exploded, most of the power was blocked by the magic weapon, but a few flames singed the young cultivator's forehead.
"You little brute!"
The young cultivator was furious, a fireball was not a big threat, but it made him lose face.
After all, his opponent was only a first layer Qi Refining immortal seedling.
The young cultivator manoeuvred his Iron Sword and prepared to unleash a strike in a fit of rage.
"Yan'er, be careful!"
A sharp wind cut through the air, and the ugly woman in the distance exclaimed in alarm to warn him.
However, it was too late!
Lan Chang'an's body flickered with afterimages, closing in within the blink of an eye.
A finger flicked out with a three-foot aura!
The young cultivator named Zheng Yan's body froze and looked blankly at the bloody hole in his chest.
A three-foot qi aura pierced through his heart.
This was Lan Chang'an's top martial art, the Sky Piercing Finger. The previous Flame Flick Technique was just a cover-up.
"A Martial Innate Master, is not to be underestimated."
After killing Zheng Yan, Lan Chang'an said casually.
He picked up the magical weapon, Iron Sword, dropped by the other party.
Amidst the ugly woman's roar of shock and anger, he quickly retreated backwards.
"Zheng Yan..."
The other young cultivator of the Zheng family was shocked and froze slightly, resulting in his ferocious attacks slowing down.
The immortal seedlings gained some breathing room.
Let's Fight!
Inspired by Lan Chang'an, several youths who knew spells joined hands and counterattacked the other young Zheng family cultivator at the third layer of Qi Refining.
"Yan'er—"
The ugly woman at the fourth layer of Qi Refining roared in anger, her eyes filled with blood and her killing intent was bone-chilling as she chased after Lan Chang'an.
Swoosh swoosh swoosh! Three consecutive wind blades sliced through the air.
Spells that could kill other Immortal Saplings in seconds had no effect on Lan Chang'an.
His powerful soul allowed him to have a sharp enough reaction to avoid all the spells.
With the speed of a Martial Innate Master, he wouldn't be at too much of a disadvantage when put up against a fourth layer of Qi Refining cultivator.
"Martial Innate?"
The ugly woman gritted her teeth and quickly calmed down, summoning a small golden copper bell.
Lan Chang'an's face changed, and without even thinking, he blasted off three Flame Flicks.
The ugly woman had a sneer on her face, not dodging or evading, she poured her mana into the small golden-copper bell with all her might, in reponse it began humming, forming a copper-coloured light shield, as if it was an inverted copper bowl.
Tent! Tent! Peng!
Three Flame Flicks struck the copper-coloured light shield and exploded violently.
The lustre of the small golden-copper bell weakened by about one-third.
"How is this fire bomb so powerful?"
The ugly woman couldn't help but be moved, the power of the three Flame Flicks sent out by Lan Chang'an was actually a few points stronger than before, approaching the third layer of Qi Refining cultivators.
After a few consecutive rounds of using the Flame Flick Technique, Lan Chang'an had expended most of his mana, and his Ancient Trees Evergreen Technique was recovering his mana in a continuous stream.
"Die!" The ugly woman's eyes showed a cold light.
The small golden copper bell made a deafening "clang" sound, and not far away, the youngsters with low cultivation level bled from their mouths and noses.
A circle of golden light ripples swept towards Lan Chang'an at a terrifying speed.
"A sound wave attack that shocks the soul?"
Lan Chang'an hesitated slightly before deciding his next actions.
Heaven-defying Demonic Roar!
He operated his Innate True Qi and inhaled fiercely, his belly and cheeks bulging like balloons.
Another martial arts stance.
Roar!
Sand and rocks flew, and a baneful sound wave shaped like a tiger's roar collided with the incoming light golden ripples.
Even though the small golden-copper bell had been weakened by 30%, it was still able engulf and hold off the Heaven-defying Demonic Roar!
In the end, only one or two percent of the pale golden ripples remained, and Lan Chang'an used his innate true qi to protect his body and his strong physique to push through it.
His body was shaken back, and his qi and blood churned but he remained standing.
The little amount of the sound wave foreign power that had seeped into his internal organs was finally dissolved by the Ancient Wood Evergreen Mana.
"This little thief, how is this possible!"
The ugly woman was dumbstruck, it was really hard to believe.
Her small copper bell magical weapon excelled in sonic attacks, with a hint of soul-capturing effect, yet it was effortlessly neutralized by that kid using his spells in combination with martial sonic techniques.
......
After dissolving the fatal blow.
Lan Chang'an quickly distanced himself and prepared to activate the Blood Ignition Technique.
This technique could forcibly elevate his cultivation to the peak of the third layer of Qi Refining, but the side effects were rather large.
Luckily, the opponent's magical attack has relatively obvious casting actions and cannot be launched at a high frequency.
The ugly woman's killing intent did not diminish, and she still wanted to chase after him.
"Retreat!"
At this moment, Zheng Wuwong shouted in the distance with a sense of anxiety.
Lan Chang'an glanced over and found that beside the head of the Mu family, there was an odd beast with a single horn, resembling a mix between a horse and a cow, casting lightning.
The strength of the unicorn beast was comparable to the eighth layer of Qi Refining, forcing the beautiful woman at the seventh layer of Qi Refining to retreat.
Afterwards, the unicorn beast's cold gaze swept towards the ugly woman and scurried her way.
"Hurry up!"
The ugly woman's fat face trembled as she signaling for the third layer Qi Refining juniors who were still battling to leave.
The Zheng family cultivators retreated in haste.
Lan Chang'an understood that even with the addition of the unicorn alien beast, the Zheng Family cultivators still had the strength to fight.
But near the Mu family's residence, the Zheng family cultivators didn't dare to linger in battle; their strategy was to finish the fight swiftly from the very beginning.
The sound of thunder rang out!
A bolt of lightning fell, killing the slowest Zheng family cultivator at the third layer of Qi Refining.
The Zheng family retreated, having lost two cultivators at the third layer of Qi Refinement.
As for the Mu Family, four immortal seedlings died in the melee.
Who gained and who lost was clear at a glance.
Lan Chang'an restored his mana and inspected the flying sword artifact in his hand.
"Bah! So poor..."
He had initialy thought that it was a low-grade magical weapon, but after inspecting it, he found that it was an inferior magic weapon with even a few defects on the surface.
Lan Chang'an pondered for a moment.
He came to the body of the cultivator named Zheng Yan, whom he had killed.
Carefully searching the body to see if there were any other spoils of war.
(End of Chapter)