Chapter 31 Selling Spoils in the Market Town
Upon learning of Xia Felen's tragic downfall, Lan Chang'an looked deeply at Lin Yi.
Lin Yi had a connection with Zhang Tieshan. It was Zhang Tieshan who made trouble in the sect, pushing Xia Felen into the abyss.
Years ago at the Three Year Appointment, Xia Felen had made Lin Yi lose face. It was hard to say whether Lin Yi harbored a grudge. If Lin Yi played a key role in instigating this matter, Lan Chang'an had to admit he had underestimated this former young marquis.
Lin Yi's revelation now might be an intentional display of his capabilities, aiming to win over Lan Chang'an, a talisman master, into joining his Hidden Immortal Pavilion.
"Zhang Tieshan is also a remarkable figure." Lan Chang'an recalled Zhao Siyao's appraisal of this person – firm in will and having gained the appreciation of an outer peak elder.
An outer peak elder of Jin Yun Valley was at least a Fake-Dan immortal.
A Fake-Dan was formed of a lesser quality dan, also known as Inferior Dan or Gray Dan. Although not as powerful as true Core Formation Realm or Golden-Dan Immortals as some might call them, Fake-Dan Immortals lived a hundred years longer than the Foundation Establishment Realm cultivators and their strength easily crushed the late Foundation Establishment Stage.
In his previous life, even though Lan Chang'an had formed a True Dan of decent quality, he could not ignore the existence of Fake-Dan cultivators.
"It seems I did miss out on a decent connection by not participating in the evil spirit exorcism at Hengshui Prefecture back then." Looking back now, Lan Chang'an did not deny this, but he also did not regret it.
Without foresight, if one wanted to conduct themselves with minimal risk and steadiness, it was inevitable to miss out on certain opportunities.
...
At the foot of Jin Yun Valley's mountain.
Lan Chang'an and the others parted ways, heading in different directions.
Lan Chang'an took out a jade slip given by Zhao Siyao, containing map information of the cultivation world in the Kingdom of Liang. The map marked large and small cultivation forces, including market towns and some dangerous locations. Even Feiyue Lake was labeled on it.
Based on the map, the strongest force the Flame Departing Palace in Liang Kingdom's cultivation world was located near the center. The four other major cultivation sects, including Jin Yun Valley, were scattered across the four corners of Liang. Jin Yun Valley's position was towards the western side of Liang.
The "Five Peaks Market Town" that Lan Chang'an aimed to visit was located south of Jin Yun Valley, about half a month's journey away. Lan Chang'an had a flying boat in his storage pouch, but could not easily use it. Most late Qi-Refining cultivators did not have flying boats, and using one at the mid Qi-Refining stage would be rather ostentatious.
On this day, Lan Chang'an arrived at Five Peaks Market Town riding a spiritual steed.
Five Peaks Market Town was situated in the middle of several towering mountains, resembling a basin. The surrounding peaks were treacherous with swirling mists, completely inaccessible to ordinary mortals.
After settling his spiritual steed, Lan Chang'an used a body-shrinking technique to transform into a sturdy, muscular man.
Wielding a low-grade magic treasure Dark Gold Blade, he passed through a veil of misty peaks.
Suddenly, his vision brightened. A market town spanning ten li and enveloped by a second-grade spirit formation came into view. The outskirts of the market town consisted of terraced spiritual fields extending upwards in tiers. Large swaths of these fields were planted with golden-orange spiritual grains, a dazzling golden sight from afar that was quite magnificent.
Inside the market town were well-arranged streets and alleys with elegant architecture showcasing exquisite craftsmanship.
Swoosh! Swoosh!
Streaks of light crisscrossed as cultivators occasionally landed and took off within the market town, accompanied by constant sounds of air-breaking.
...
At the entrance of Five Peaks Market Town.
The muscular man Lan Chang'an was disguised as simply registered his information, paid a deposit of two spirit stones, and received an identity token. Without an identity token, entrants would immediately be sensed by the spirit formation.
"Those entering the market town cannot stay overnight or sit in meditation, unless staying at an inn or renting a residence." The guard cultivator reminded him.
"Understood." Lan Chang'an smiled and entered the market town, accustomed to such rules. The purpose of these regulations was to prevent freeloaders from siphoning the spiritual energy here.
Each spiritual vein, depending on its grade and scale, had a limit on how many cultivators it could sustain.
"Senior, is this your first time visiting Five Peaks Market Town? Junior Hou would like to be your guide, I can introduce the various shops and areas of the market town for just half a spirit stone." A squinty-eyed youth enthusiastically approached him.
"Sure, lead the way first." Lan Chang'an did not pretend to be a wealthy customer, handing the youth thirty spirit sands instead.
"Thank you, Senior." The youth happily bowed.
"Five Peaks Market Town is under the jurisdiction of the Wanjian Zhuo Family. Underground lies a second-grade mid-rate spiritual vein, and there are some superior-grade caves in the core area. The outer spiritual qi environment is equivalent to a first-grade spiritual vein. The East Street is concentrated with major shops of excellent quality but also higher prices. On West Street, people can freely set up stalls for trading..."
"What is that building for?"Lan Chang'an pointed to a six-story pavilion with an antique style and hanging lanterns that stood out among the other shops.
"That is the Hundred Fragrance Immortal Pavilion. The immortal maidens inside are skilled in music and rhythm that can cultivate one's temperament, cleanse the mind, and aid in breaking through mental obstacles."
"Just musical arts?"
"The Hundred Fragrance Immortal Pavilion is not a brothel. The fairies inside are cultivators who practice the art of music and rhythm. Each one is outstandingly beautiful with a graceful bearing. Of course, if you have enough 'charm', some of the immortal maidens inside could open their hearts to you." The youth laughed mischievously, revealing an expression that men would understand.
"However, the entrance fee here is quite high, at least five spirit stones. For the top immortal maidens, their performance fee is equivalent to a magical weapon."
Lan Chang'an chuckled lightly, not commenting on it.
After making a round through the market town, Lan Chang'an had inquired about many things, opening his eyes and ears to gather the intelligence he needed.
"The Hundred Refinement Workshop can forge up to superior-grade magical weapons. Their head artifact refiner Gu Lai is the one specified by Zhao Siyao."
"Artifact Refiner Gu Lai has a good reputation and a good word of mouth from the people, but there are many who seek his services, so there is often a waiting queue."
Besides Zhao Siyao's commission, Lan Chang'an also founded two reputable shops that purchased spiritual herbs.
The first-grade spirit sand stones he needed for the Cloud Sand Body Refinement Technique were sold at one materials shop and one mineral shop.
...
After gathering intelligence, Lan Chang'an did not take immediate action.
He first stayed at an inn in the market town for two nights, casually purchasing some common resources to avoid drawing unwanted attention as a new face.
It was not until the third day that he went to inquire at the Hundred Refinement Workshop.
"My master has many magic treasures to forge shortly, so you may have to queue up for half a year. If you're in a hurry, you can consider some other first-grade artifact refiners in the market town instead."
The short-haired youth who received Lan Chang'an was a disciple of Artifact Refiner Gu Lai.
"I don't need to forge a magic treasure, just repair an exquisite one. Can an exception be made?" Lan Chang'an calmly passed over a small cloth bag.
The short-haired youth took the bag and weighed it, feeling at least ten spirit stones inside. His expression softened as he revealed a slight smile:
"If it's just repairing a magic treasure, I can arrange for it within a month. By the way, what grade of magic treasure do you need repaired?"
"The specific repair plan, I will discuss with Master Gu later on." Lan Chang'an did not reveal it was a superior-grade magic treasure.
An intact top-grade magic treasure was worth at least five to six hundred spirit stones, an immense sum for an ordinary Qi-Refining cultivator. While Artifact Refiner Gu Lai had a good reputation and broad experience, preventing him from harboring ill intentions, the same could not be said for his disciples.
"Alright, I'll take you to see my master later." The short-haired youth kept the bag with a smile. Many clients had such confidentiality requirements.
The short-haired youth went to report first. After a length of time, he came back and led Lan Chang'an to the rear courtyard.
Inside a refinement chamber, Lan Chang'an met a bare-chested burly man with a long beard - the second-rank Artifact Refiner Gu Lai at the ninth layer of Qi-Refining.
Only after the short-haired youth left did Lan Chang'an take out the damaged iron umbrella magic weapon.
"The Iron Trellis Umbrella." Gu Lai caressed the iron umbrella, pondering for a moment. It seemed he had seen this magical weapon before, possibly even worked on it in the past.
"Are you surnamed Zhao?"
"I was entrusted by a friend surnamed Zhao."
"Then you've found the right person. This Iron Trellis Umbrella was one I assisted my master in forging back then. The repair fee will be two hundred spirit stones." Gu Lai stated matter-of-factly.
Lan Chang'an did not bargain, instead requesting a spirit contract where Gu Lai would imprint a trace of his mana as a record.
They agreed for the magic treasure to be repaired within a month. Such a spirit contract had no absolute binding force, only serving as proof.
The imprinted mana mark was akin to a signature and seal in the mortal world, as each cultivator's spiritual aura was unique.
Lan Chang'an was cautious, choosing not to imprint his own spiritual energy mark.
"A prudent lad!"
Watching Lan Chang'an leave, Gu Lai shook his head.
...
The magic treasure was left at the Hundred Refinement Workshop.
Lan Chang'an rented a low-grade residence in the market town for a month. The spiritual qi was about the same as Feiyue Manor, but the monthly rent of three spirit stones was rather poor value.
In the time that followed, he would occasionally go out in various disguises to sell items at the market town shops or the free trade area.
Offloading some less conspicuous spiritual herbs and medicinal ingredients was relatively simple. Pills he did not need were sold off in batches. Including three low-grade magical weapons, all obtained from Master Ge Yi.
These spoils did not have distinct identifying features, so there was no need to worry unless the original owners happened to encounter them.
Over half a month, Lan Chang'an sold off his spoils in batches while changing disguises, bit by bit. In total, he profited nearly a thousand spirit stones.
He had mostly sold off the spirit pills. However, there were a few exceedingly rare medicinal ingredients over two hundred years old, quite eye-catching, and worth hundreds of spirit stones each. Lan Chang'an did not dare easily unload them.
Especially on this day.
During his routine inspection, Lan Chang'an discovered that one of the spirit stones he had received had been subtly tampered with. The spirit stone had a tracking powder attached to it, invisible to the naked eye and undetectable to normal senses.
Crunch!
Lan Chang'an's expression turned ugly as he crushed the spirit stone, unleashing a burst of flames in his palm that released a pungent green smoke into the air.
(End of chapter)