Chapter 29 Revisiting Jin Yun
"Big Brother Lan, you finally made it!" Li Ergou, dressed in a crimson red robe, came out to greet him with open arms, wanting to give him a warm embrace.
Lan Chang'an was slightly annoyed, patting him on the shoulder instead.
Compared to years ago, Li Ergou's face had become more rounded, his belly slightly protruding, and his skin not as dark as before. Obviously under thirty years old, at first glance, he looked like a wealthy gentleman.
"Long Qing, this is my congratulatory gift for you." Lan Chang'an took out two talisman papers, both excellent quality wind speed talismans that Li Ergou had begged for years ago.
Nowadays, the cultivators of the Mu Family all call Li Ergou "Changqing" or "Li Changqing."
"Hahaha! If big brother comes, just eat and drink as you please, why give gifts?" Li Ergou's eyes lit up as he deftly took the talismans and led Lan Chang'an to the main table inside.
There was a distinction between immortals and mortals, so Li Ergou's relatives did not come, but he treated Lan Chang'an like his own brother. Although Li Ergou was the first to reach the fifth layer of Qi-Refining, he still respected Lan Chang'an as much as he did ten years ago, and their relationship was just as close.
"You go and take care of your newlywed duties first." Lan Chang'an waved his hand dismissively.
Over the past dozen years, Li Ergou had fully integrated into the Mu Family and birthed spirit root descendants for them. He had also gone to battle for the Mu Family and even broke his leg. In the eyes of the Mu Family members, he was a trustworthy good son-in-law and was considered one of their own.
There were many people coming to congratulate him, aside from the bride's relatives, including some family members Li Ergou was familiar with.
"Do you know about Mu Yinglan? This golden flower of our Mu Family went home to visit relatives a few days ago, and the ceremony was really grand, with late-stage Qi-Refining cultivators personally escorting her."
"Tsk tsk, Mu Yinglan married into the Beast Taming Zhou Family, leaning on a big tree for shade. That was definitely the right move." The conversation from the neighboring table caught Lan Chang'an's attention.
Mu Yinglan was the spirit root lady that the Mu Family had wanted to match with Lan Chang'an back then, but it did not work out and even caused her to harbor resentment.
Lan Chang'an had heard about Mu Yinglan's marriage.
Three years ago, after the conflict between the two families, the relationship between the Feiyue Lake Mu Family and the Beast Taming Zhou Family gradually became closer, replacing the position previously held by the Zheng Family.
Facing the rising Huang Family, the Zhou Family became wary.
The Maple Leaf Huang Family had three Foundation Establishment cultivators and was united, so if they continued to develop, they might threaten the Zhou Family's position in the future.
In contrast, the Mu Family was the weakest force, and their territory now bordered the Huang Family's. The Beast Taming Zhou Family did not want the Huang Family to swallow up the Mu Family and become even stronger, so they had the idea of supporting the Mu Family. This was the background behind Mu Yinglan's marriage to the Zhou Family.
Actually, the eldest young lady Mu Xiuyun would have been the ideal marriage candidate. However, after the herb garden incident and reaching the seventh layer of Qi-Refining, Mu Xiuyun publicly declared that she would not marry.
Mu Xiuyun's cultivation was quite remarkable, and she was also a senior first-rank talisman master, so the Mu Family elders did not want to lose such a talented person and supported her decision. By not marrying out, she could still take in a son-in-law in the future.
It was said that Mu Yinglan took the initiative to replace Mu Xiuyun and marry the second son of one of the Zhou Family's branches as the principal wife.
For Mu Yinglan, it was considered marrying up!
"That girl sure holds a grudge." Lan Chang'an thought of something and couldn't help but smile.
A few days ago, when Mu Yinglan returned home to visit relatives, she deliberately took a circuitous route past Lan Chang'an's courtyard.
She did have the air of a noble matriarch from a great family. Lan Chang'an understood Mu Yinglan's ambition and desire to elevate her status, and he was happy to see her doing well for herself.
...
That evening, Li Ergou took the pair of sisters Mu Caiwei and Mu Cailin as his wives. He was overjoyed, embracing one with each arm.
This scene made those who had once been immortal seedlings bitter, and even some of the younger members of the Mu Family felt envious.
Li Ergou was able to reach his current status all thanks to having children. He was the first to take a wife and have a child, receiving generous additional rewards. He was the first to give birth to a spiritual root descendant, obtaining mid-stage Qi-Refining breakthrough pills. Afterwards, he had several more children.
His reproductive ability was clearly stronger than other cultivators of the same realm. He had also risked his life for the Mu Family before. For such a devoted son-in-law who had fully integrated into the family and was so prolific, the Mu Family was naturally willing to cultivate him further and give him more "responsibilities."
If it were an ordinary man, he would have been mired in the pleasures of the flesh long ago. However, Li Ergou was able to overcome this, and never slacked off in his cultivation.
In this regard, Lan Chang'an was quite surprised.
In fact, the reason Li Ergou was able to do this was because he was influenced by the bitter cultivator Lan Chang'an in the neighboring courtyard. Even his new name was borrowed from Lan Chang'an.
...
Three days after taking his concubines, Li Ergou took the initiative to visit Lan Chang'an and showed him a letter.
"Zhao Siyao wants us to gather at Jin Yun Valley within six months."
"Yeah, I received the letter too." Lan Chang'an nodded. Since there was no urgency, he had not mentioned it when Li Ergou took his concubines a few days ago.
"Big Brother Lan, what do you think? Should we help Zhao Siyao out a bit?" Li Ergou followed his opinion.
In the past year, Zhao Siyao had subtly expressed to them the difficulties she faced in competing for the core disciple position. This time she was inviting them to Jin Yun Valley, so the implication was clear.
Lan Chang'an said, "We can help her out, but only within our means."
"How much does Big Brother plan to contribute?"
"One hundred spirit stones." Lan Chang'an held up one finger.
"Aiya, at most I can only afford fifty spirit stones. My second son has just started cultivating and needs spirit stones for expenses..." Li Ergou said with difficulty.
"That's not a small amount," Lan Chang'an smiled. Li Ergou did have a family after all, so his expenses were greater.
"It's still big brother who is dashing! Talisman masters can make money without so many burdens."
After discussing, the two made their decision.
The next day, they rode spiritual steeds and departed from the Mu Family's base.
"It's been twelve years." Lan Chang'an looked back at the resplendent Feiyue Lake, almost feeling a tinge of affection for this place. The last time he had gone out was nine years ago.
Even for a pure-blooded member of the Mu Family, it was extremely rare to not leave Feiyue Lake for nearly a decade.
After being cooped up in the clan for so long, Lan Chang'an had some needs on this outing. First, the spoils of war in his storage pouch were extremely valuable, and he needed to find a place to sell them off, mainly the gains from killing Master Ge Yi. Just the precious medicinal ingredients sealed in those jade boxes were worth over a thousand spirit stones.
Second, the Cloud Sand Body Refinement Technique he had been cultivating these past two years required first-grade spirit sand stones to absorb the essence of the minerals and internally temper the body from the outside in.
The first-grade sand stones that could be purchased within the clan were few in number and of average quality. While selling off his spoils, Lan Chang'an wanted to purchase a large batch of high-quality spirit sand, enough to last over ten years if possible.
Body refinement arts were both time-consuming and financially demanding. Most cultivators simply did not have the financial means; or if they did have the money, they lacked the patience to practice it concurrently.
Although body refinement arts could greatly strengthen one's physical body, most cultivators relied on long-range tactics, magical treasures, and special abilities, which were considered the orthodox path.
Besides enhancing survival abilities and close-quarters combat prowess, the advantages of body refinement arts were not outstanding. Therefore, few cultivators practiced body refinement arts.
Yet Lan Chang'an had a very long lifespan, an abundance of free time every day, and currently had ample financial resources, fulfilling the conditions to concurrently cultivate body refinement arts.
...
A month later, the two arrived at Hengshui Prefecture riding spiritual steeds.
They first went to the Marquis' Residence to meet up with Lin Yi. Lin Yi had also received Zhao Siyao's invitation.
"Hahaha! I've been waiting for you two for a long time! Come, try my Yun Feng tribute tea." Lin Yi greeted them with a bright smile, personally pouring the tea. Dressed in a loose robe with a beard at the corner of his lips, he exuded a steady yet amiable demeanor. Lan Chang'an almost forgot about the arrogant young master from years ago who wore luxurious robes.
In the past two years, Lan Chang'an had dealings with Lin Yi. After establishing the Hidden Immortal Pavilion, Lin Yi had visited the Mu Family's base and purchased a batch of talismans from Lan Chang'an. Now, the Hidden Immortal Pavilion was basically running smoothly. Lin Yi had reached the fourth layer of Qi-Refining and recruited several wandering cultivators as well as a group of secular martial artists.
The next day, the three of them rode spiritual steeds towards Jin Yun Valley.
For Qi-Refining cultivators, using these semi-spiritual beast mounts was more convenient and energy-saving for long-distance travel compared to flying artifacts.
...
A month later, Lan Chang'an and the others arrived at Jin Yun Valley.
Jin Yun Valley was located in the heart of the majestic mountains. Under the blazing sunlight, those mineral-rich mountains reflected a faint golden glow onto the clouds, outlining the solemn and divine scene of a "golden thread between mountain and cloud" – a true immortal's paradise.
The three of them arrived at the foot of the mountain gate. Looking up at the lofty immortal sect above, Lin Yi and Li Ergou felt mixed emotions of reverence, aspiration, and discontent. This was the place where they had previously failed.
Lan Chang'an was calm as still waters, neither humble nor arrogant, as he approached the mountain gate. He took out the token and asked the gatekeeper disciple to notify Zhao Siyao of their arrival.
After about half an hour, Zhao Siyao, wearing a flowing white dress, flew over on a cloud of mist and gracefully landed before them. With a phoenix hairpin adorning her head and her ethereal dress fluttering, she exuded an enchanting, cold beauty befitting a celestial fairy.
Lan Chang'an and the others were stunned for a moment. After nine years apart, Zhao Siyao's beauty was breathtaking, like a painting of an immortal maiden untouched by mortal dust.
"Fellow Daoists, I hope you have been well." Zhao Siyao's pair of spiritual, limpid eyes swept over Lan Chang'an and the others, revealing a hint of surprise.
Li Ergou and Lin Yi had changed significantly, but Lan Chang'an's appearance was almost the same as that eighteen-year-old youth - extraordinarily handsome with an aloof, water-like calmness.
"Fellow Daoist Zhao, are all the female disciples in your sect as beautiful as you?" Li Ergou snapped out of his daze with a grin. No longer the shy youth who would blush just at a glance from the once little Zhao Siyao.
"If Fellow Daoist Li is interested, I can introduce you to two ladies later on," Zhao Siyao laughed melodiously like a ringing chime.
The four of them chatted as they walked, like they had returned to their callow youth, entering Jin Yun Valley to take part in the immortal sect's examination all those years ago.
Zhao Siyao led the way into Jin Yun Valley's Visiting Peak, and they sat down in a pavilion.
"Please, have a seat, Fellow Daoists." Zhao Siyao sat elegantly at the head seat, gently lifting her flowing sleeves to reveal jade-like tender wrists as she used her spiritual energy to summon a tea set and plate of spiritual fruits to each of their small tables.
(End of chapter)